![Intel Corp. logo](media/intel-logo.png){width="1.5774420384951882in" height="1.04in"}

**INTEL® CONVERGED SECURITY AND MANAGEMENT ENGINE (CSME) BINARY FILE**
**DECODING**

Revision 1.2020.7.1

Covers CSME versions 11.x and 12.x

July 2020

Legal Disclaimer
================

No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any
intellectual property rights is granted by this document.

Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty
arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in
trade.

The products and services described may contain defects or errors known
as errata which may cause deviations from published specifications.
Current characterized errata are available on request. Intel
technologies' features and benefits depend on system configuration and
may require enabled hardware, software or service activation.
Performance varies depending on system configuration. No computer system
can be absolutely secure. Intel does not assume any liability for lost
or stolen data or systems or any damages resulting from such losses.

Intel and the Intel logo, are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the
U.S. and/or other countries.

Copyright © 2020 Intel Corporation



## Contributions

This repository is for reference only and not intended to be an ongoing development. No contributions will be taken/merged.



Introduction
============

The Intel® Converged Security and Management Engine (CSME) is a
combination of hardware and software that comprise a product embedded in
many Intel® branded computer platforms. It consists of a small x86
compatible core that runs a limited operating system (OS), which in turn
loads and executes software modules that have various security and/or
management purposes and responsibilities. The OS and modules are stored
in non-volatile flash memory on the system mainboard (and from here on
to be referred to as \"firmware\"). Up to and including version 12 of the firmware,
the binary data was stored compressed in flash using various encodings;
In versions 11 and 12, the encoding used was Huffman encoding, via four
separate code tables (two for each version). Likewise, any updates to
the CSME released to vendors and customers were also Huffman encoded
with the same code tables. It is generally intractable to decode a
Huffman encoded binary back to its plain/raw form without knowledge of
the code table.

In order to facilitate auditing of the CSME - at least in its
compiled/binary format - by vendors and customers, Intel® is releasing
the Huffman code tables to the public. This document contains in its
appendix, each of the four tables in their entirety. It also briefly
describes the format of the CSME binaries.

Included in this repository is also companion (to the description) Python code samples that serve as documentation-through-source-code in showing how to utilize the Huffman code tables in operation of a decoder for the CSME binaries

This document gives a high-level description of the encoded CSME binaries and the operation of the decoder. For any low-level, specific details, refer to the Python source code. It is extensively annotated/commented and written in such a way that while it may not be efficient as possible, it should be readable and comprehensible. 



Brief Guide of the CSME Binary Structure
========================================

CSME \"Release\" Binaries
-------------------------

When prepared for release to customers, the CSME OS and modules are
packaged together in a single binary that simplifies distribution,
authentication/integrity verification, and flashing onto an Intel®
mainboard. The single binary consists of a layout similar to a file
system, with partitions/directories which contain \"code objects\",
which are the CSME modules and components in their binary form. Byte
offset tables in the CSME binary file locate the various code objects
throughout the file; At the top level there exist a \"file table\" that
locates one or more partitions, and each partition contains a
2nd-level table that locates individual code objects within that
partition. The entries of the 2nd-level tables also contain a field
which indicates whether Huffman encoding was used on a particular code
object.

Individual Module Binaries
--------------------------

While much less commonly found outside of internal Intel® CSME
engineering builds, individual compiled/binary forms of a module have
been found in 3rd-party repositories. These do not comprise the entire
CSME firmware and are generally inoperable on their own. These binaries
do not contain any file system-like structures as the release binaries,
but they may be - and usually are - Huffman encoded the same way. In
order to decode them, additional information in the form of a Page
Lookup Table file must be provided (whereas these lookup tables are
included in release binaries, prepended to the code objects).

Page Lookup Tables for Encoded Code Objects
-------------------------------------------

Each of the Huffman encoded code objects, whether packaged in a single
release binary or as an individual binary, is split into \"pages\", each
which is encoded separately. Each entry in the Page Lookup Table is
32-bits and consists of 30-bits forming the offset location of the page
within the encoded code object (relative to the end of the lookup table
itself). The remaining 2, most-significant bits indicate which Huffman
table was used to encode the page; One of two possible Huffman code
tables can be chosen to encode each page, and each page\'s selection is
independent of any other page. To successfully decode the page, the
exact same Huffman code table used to encode it must be used within the
decoder. For a release binary, the 2nd-level table entries that locate
a (encoded) code object also contain the expected, decoded size of the
code object. Since each page represents a 4096-byte decoded block, the
number of pages and thus the size of the lookup table can be computed.
This is necessary for the decoder to know how many initial 32-bit values
to treat as page lookup entries and consequently where the actual binary
data of the (first) page begins.

For the less-common, individual module binaries that are not a part of a
release binary, the Page Lookup Table is provided separately, usually in
its own binary file.

Intel® CSME Huffman Table Format
================================

In the Appendix can be found two complete code tables, one corresponding
to the 11.x versions of the CSME and the other to the 12.x versions.
However, each of these code tables contains *two* different decoded
\"byte strings\" for each Huffman code. Thus, in effect, there are
*four* complete Huffman tables (two for each of the 11.x and 12.x
versions). The tables are presented as comma-separated values, each
representing a row of the table. The order of values in the row are as
follows:

*decoded value \#1, decoded value \#2, number of bytes in decoded value,
number of bits in Huffman code, Huffman code*

### Decoded values \#1 and \#2

Each of these values is an ASCII-encoded hexadecimal number. The \#1 and
\#2 correspond to the *two* possible Huffman tables, as described
earlier in this document. They are presented in a single \"table\" in
this way simply to reduce duplicating the other values in the row (as
all of them are shared by both values, e.g. the Huffman code)

### Number of bytes in decoded value

This represents the number of actual bytes in the destination (decoded)
binary to which the Huffman code for that row should decode. This is
included as a helper to the decoder/parser, as parsing a value such as
\"0008\" yields an integer of \"8\", which then would be naturally
represented in hex as just 0x08. This would \"lose\" the leading 0x00
byte which was intended by the \"0008\" ASCII-string from the table. By
indicating a \"number of bytes in decoded value\" as 2, this intent is
explicit regardless of the ASCII-to-bytes parsing mechanism employed.

### Huffman code and number of bits in Huffman code

The ASCII-encoded Huffman tables present bit patterns as a string of
\"0\" and \"1\" characters. Similar as to the \"number of bytes in
decoded value\" field explicitly indicates the length of the post-parsed
decoded values, the \"number of bits in Huffman code\" field explicitly
indicates the length of the Huffman code, post-parse. This is once again
to preserve knowledge of zero-padding that would commonly be stripped by
a conversion from ASCII to a bit/byte value.

Intel® CSME Huffman Decoder Specifics
=====================================

The Huffman encoding and decoding algorithm has been well specified in
several publications[^1]. The CSME encoding and decoding process differs
in the addition of a explicit bound on the size of the decoded data. As
described earlier, code objects are split into pages of 4096 bytes
before they are Huffman encoded. This results in one encoded page per
each 4096-byte original page and due to the property that Huffman
encoding also *compresses* data, each encoded page will be smaller than
4096 bytes. These encoded pages are stored as-is in the encoded binary
for a CSME module (regardless of whether the module is standalone or
part of a release binary); More importantly, these encoded pages are not
\"framed\" in any way and their encoded size is not explicitly written
along with them into the overall encoded binary. The decoder algorithm
can locate the start of an encoded page using the Page Lookup Table. It
proceeds to read bytes sequentially from that point building a buffer,
attempting to match the built-up buffer against the Huffman codes from
the selected Huffman table. Since there is no explicit size denoting the
end of the encoded page, the decoder keeps track of the number of
successfully \"matched\"/decoded bytes for that page and stops reading
whenever that count reaches 4096[^2] (or reaches the end of the file/input stream)



Appendix: Huffman Code Tables
=============================

CSME Version 11.x Table
-----------------------

ffff42,000044,3,15,000000000000000

e808,0066,2,15,000000000000001

24e831,24e82b,3,15,000000000000010

00c1,00c7,2,15,000000000000011

ff45f0,00007c,3,15,000000000000100

fce8,852c,2,15,000000000000101

e8ad,e83d,2,15,000000000000110

e855,e804,2,15,000000000000111

043e,e86f,2,15,000000000001000

e8a1,004e,2,15,000000000001001

0000c6,8b45e0,3,15,000000000001010

503a,6363,2,15,000000000001011

ffd0,0098,2,15,000000000001100

000b,eb0a,2,15,000000000001101

45a0,e806,2,15,000000000001110

2089,01c2,2,15,000000000001111

ffffc9,000018,3,15,000000000010000

e888,eb92,2,15,000000000010001

e824,e82f,2,15,000000000010010

e8ef,eb18,2,15,000000000010011

000061,000090,3,15,000000000010100

ff4d18,0000f5,3,15,000000000010101

410000,008d9d,3,15,000000000010110

45fb,e81f,2,15,000000000010111

00ec,e8dc,2,15,000000000011000

00a3,e895,2,15,000000000011001

d8c6,ff39,2,15,000000000011010

7466,0360,2,15,000000000011011

e97b,a889,2,15,000000000011100

ffffe8,00000c,3,15,000000000011101

890424e82d,890424e89b,5,15,000000000011110

0005,e80d,2,15,000000000011111

e80b,8d50,2,15,000000000100000

e879,208b,2,15,000000000100001

c075e6,0000dc,3,15,000000000100010

e8ed,e8df,2,15,000000000100011

000065,000091,3,15,000000000100100

890424e881,000000e81e,5,15,000000000100101

890424e8a1,8b450c8944,5,15,000000000100110

0077,003a,2,15,000000000100111

ff8d,eb6f,2,15,000000000101000

e8cd,0020,2,15,000000000101001

8d55,0081,2,15,000000000101010

890424e89f,890424e84c,5,15,000000000101011

ff90,5420,2,15,000000000101100

0006,e85c,2,15,000000000101101

7404,e8cf,2,15,000000000101110

e8c5,e88e,2,15,000000000101111

fcc1,004d,2,15,000000000110000

eb1e,455f,2,15,000000000110001

837df0,8b45d4,3,15,000000000110010

890424e8f6,890424e8e9,5,15,000000000110011

4085,0401,2,15,000000000110100

890424e8da,890424e80a,5,15,000000000110101

08c7442404,08c7442404,5,15,000000000110110

24e8a8,0000cf,3,15,000000000110111

f08b45,00e889,3,15,000000000111000

24e8b6,0000c9,3,15,000000000111001

e08b,0034,2,15,000000000111010

0480,035c,2,15,000000000111011

e8db,744f,2,15,000000000111100

e016,03bc,2,15,000000000111101

f489,7409,2,15,000000000111110

002c,0441,2,15,000000000111111

e81d,eb7f,2,15,000000001000000

eb32,e8a6,2,15,000000001000001

e80a,e800,2,15,000000001000010

00fa,8b8d,2,15,000000001000011

00d0,0053,2,15,000000001000100

890424e879,890424e80e,5,15,000000001000101

890424e80b,890424e81b,5,15,000000001000110

450883,0000bc,3,15,000000001000111

890424e809,890424e827,5,15,000000001001000

4514,044d,2,15,000000001001001

890424e878,890424e83c,5,15,000000001001010

890424e830,890424e84a,5,15,000000001001011

890424e85b,000000e889,5,15,000000001001100

8903,fffd,2,15,000000001001101

e89f,e89b,2,15,000000001001110

1800,e8aa,2,15,000000001001111

e85b,e834,2,15,000000001010000

890424e858,890424e8a5,5,15,000000001010001

e896,8300,2,15,000000001010010

00e823,000051,3,15,000000001010011

000020,00000f,3,15,000000001010100

c1e9,7510,2,15,000000001010101

0090,ffc9,2,15,000000001010110

000001,24e83b,3,15,000000001010111

83e040,ffff81,3,15,000000001011000

8b55e4,00001c,3,15,000000001011001

837ddc,00001a,3,15,000000001011010

e8c6,e832,2,15,000000001011011

e814,036c,2,15,000000001011100

09d0,0029,2,15,000000001011101

7424,e8af,2,15,000000001011110

0068,e8b6,2,15,000000001011111

5500,e899,2,15,000000001100000

0c04,0600,2,15,000000001100001

e987,e8cb,2,15,000000001100010

7416,e08b,2,15,000000001100011

f88d,00fe,2,15,000000001100100

e8d7,45bd,2,15,000000001100101

08ff,ff90,2,15,000000001100110

e8c0,7de0,2,15,000000001100111

8b4508890424e8,000000c7042420,7,15,000000001101000

890424e86d,6246000062,5,15,000000001101001

000000e8da,890424e8ff,5,15,000000001101010

00000030,0100e87e,4,15,000000001101011

088b450c,0100e834,4,15,000000001101100

890424e890,890424e847,5,15,000000001101101

eb12,89cb,2,15,000000001101110

e95e,e89f,2,15,000000001101111

85c075f6,ff83ec04,4,15,000000001110000

ec28,0866,2,15,000000001110001

7442,24d4,2,15,000000001110010

890424e845,1c000000f0,5,15,000000001110011

890424e8e9,890424e8e4,5,15,000000001110100

890424e8a7,000000e850,5,15,000000001110101

0c88,e8a1,2,15,000000001110110

eb55,2052,2,15,000000001110111

f7ea,24b4,2,15,000000001111000

e836,7dc4,2,15,000000001111001

ff8a,eb0e,2,15,000000001111010

000000e4,0100e89a,4,15,000000001111011

6465,6565,2,15,000000001111100

89ca,e8f0,2,15,000000001111101

ff81,0040,2,15,000000001111110

890424e823,e7370000e7,5,15,000000001111111

045b,08c9,2,15,000000010000000

890424e8c9,890424e871,5,15,000000010000001

e84a,000d,2,15,000000010000010

ffe0,2494,2,15,000000010000011

02e8,4518,2,15,000000010000100

e899,05a4,2,15,000000010000101

e8b4,e82b,2,15,000000010000110

04ff,2444,2,15,000000010000111

890424e86e,890424e86a,5,15,000000010001000

e9d3,e876,2,15,000000010001001

1075,e8a0,2,15,000000010001010

890424e8bf,890424e832,5,15,000000010001011

e868,e8e6,2,15,000000010001100

890424e8e3,890424e89d,5,15,000000010001101

0043,e88a,2,15,000000010001110

02c5,e8cc,2,15,000000010001111

8b45fc8b,c7042403,4,15,000000010010000

8a02,05a5,2,15,000000010010001

89542414,0000007e,4,15,000000010010010

00000070,000000e0,4,15,000000010010011

000000c4,c7042404,4,15,000000010010100

8b45f88b,c7042414,4,15,000000010010101

89542408,00010000,4,15,000000010010110

ffff83ec0c8945,442408c7442404,7,15,000000010010111

0000000000000000000000000000,0000000000000000000000000000,14,15,000000010011000

85c07407,ffffff02,4,15,000000010011001

8a000fbe,c704244c,4,15,000000010011010

0200008b,00000080,4,15,000000010011011

ffffff00,00000040,4,15,000000010011100

01000083,c70424c4,4,15,000000010011101

00000002,0100e81c,4,15,000000010011110

00000041,0100e863,4,15,000000010011111

8b55e8,00001f,3,14,00000001010000

d08b45,000050,3,14,00000001010001

088904,24e8b3,3,14,00000001010010

000002,24e8b0,3,14,00000001010011

24e88f,0000c8,3,14,00000001010100

f00000000000,5589e583ec10,6,14,00000001010101

000083ec0889,8502420d0502,6,14,00000001010110

0c8a,24c4,2,14,00000001010111

00005c,24e8ee,3,14,00000001011000

84c075,460000,3,14,00000001011001

7363,ec8b,2,14,00000001011010

2000,c079,2,14,00000001011011

7572,00ba,2,14,00000001011100

0505,e8c7,2,14,00000001011101

7509,00f0,2,14,00000001011110

ffff53,0000b0,3,14,00000001011111

000008,000041,3,14,00000001100000

00008a,24e873,3,14,00000001100001

4f0000,0000a0,3,14,00000001100010

00e89d,000030,3,14,00000001100011

24e8b3,048955,3,14,00000001100100

0000c1,c745a4,3,14,00000001100101

eb29,ff74,2,14,00000001100110

e812,7400,2,14,00000001100111

148d,e80f,2,14,00000001101000

e801,e889,2,14,00000001101001

735f,0076,2,14,00000001101010

00ba,0038,2,14,00000001101011

f000,00c6,2,14,00000001101100

0000004c,83ec0889,4,14,00000001101101

e9fd,01e9,2,14,00000001101110

89542410,c7042494,4,14,00000001101111

890424e898,890424e883,5,14,00000001110000

2016,0083,2,14,00000001110001

048b,e8c2,2,14,00000001110010

028d,ffc7,2,14,00000001110011

006e,75c5,2,14,00000001110100

eb2c,0490,2,14,00000001110101

008b45f8,44240408,4,14,00000001110110

29c1,00c9,2,14,00000001110111

e840,e8a9,2,14,00000001111000

756d,8528,2,14,00000001111001

890424e8e0,890424e8f6,5,14,00000001111010

e8dd,f883,2,14,00000001111011

00e0,24b0,2,14,00000001111100

248b,eb98,2,14,00000001111101

7074,750e,2,14,00000001111110

00f4,cc8b,2,14,00000001111111

890424e844,890424e831,5,14,00000010000000

890424e850,890424e884,5,14,00000010000001

e86d,0046,2,14,00000010000010

890424e87d,ff83ec04c9,5,14,00000010000011

c008,e089,2,14,00000010000100

7408,0002,2,14,00000010000101

ffffffffffffffff,ffffffffffffffff,8,14,00000010000110

2578,003b,2,14,00000010000111

7379,01c5,2,14,00000010001000

ec89,e48b,2,14,00000010001001

000000d4,0100e8c2,4,14,00000010001010

8942,8a10,2,14,00000010001011

02000000,c70424b4,4,14,00000010001100

e8a8,7dc0,2,14,00000010001101

e823,ffe0,2,14,00000010001110

890424e852,890424e802,5,14,00000010001111

0072,ff72,2,14,00000010010000

3b45,55d0,2,14,00000010010001

00f1,242c,2,14,00000010010010

5558,494f,2,14,00000010010011

750e,6e61,2,14,00000010010100

4b0000,c745c0,3,14,00000010010101

ffff90,8b55d0,3,14,00000010010110

24088b,370000,3,14,00000010010111

8b45088910ff,000000000000,6,14,00000010011000

0000c704,83ec04c9,4,14,00000010011001

890424e8ce,890424e83e,5,14,00000010011010

890424e8e1,242a000024,5,14,00000010011011

890424e86b,450000bf45,5,14,00000010011100

000000bc,00000066,4,14,00000010011101

890424e8cd,890424e834,5,14,00000010011110

890424e843,890424e8b8,5,14,00000010011111

0000000000000000000000,0000000000000000000000,11,14,00000010100000

8b450c8a00,0000000001,5,14,00000010100001

45fc8b45,c70424e0,4,14,00000010100010

890424e88e,00c7442404,5,14,00000010100011

837d14,83e001,3,14,00000010100100

83e010,2408c7,3,14,00000010100101

1c0000,ffff51,3,14,00000010100110

24e853,45f88b,3,14,00000010100111

ffff7a,8d459c,3,14,00000010101000

f81f,741a,2,14,00000010101001

0000e0,ffff71,3,14,00000010101010

0098,eb25,2,14,00000010101011

e82f,00f8,2,14,00000010101100

89c8c1,24e8ce,3,14,00000010101101

1c00,5510,2,14,00000010101110

3d0000,00eb28,3,14,00000010101111

ffff59,ffffeb,3,14,00000010110000

ffff95,45fc8b,3,14,00000010110001

00005d,ffffe8,3,14,00000010110010

ffff25,ff83ec,3,14,00000010110011

00017c,642073,3,14,00000010110100

45e88b,000004,3,14,00000010110101

45148d,000061,3,14,00000010110110

450c89,0000b5,3,14,00000010110111

890424e8f1,2e0000372e,5,14,00000010111000

890424e818,00c7042438,5,14,00000010111001

ef4f0000ef,372e000037,5,14,00000010111010

7441000074,872a000087,5,14,00000010111011

890424e8d8,9f3800009f,5,14,00000010111100

890424e8c3,4300004f43,5,14,00000010111101

890424e8c0,0239000002,5,14,00000010111110

890424e8ae,3c0000b23c,5,14,00000010111111

890424e8a8,bf410000bf,5,14,00000011000000

0000000080,2a0000242a,5,14,00000011000001

890424e851,bf450000bf,5,14,00000011000010

890424e821,890424e878,5,14,00000011000011

890424e8cb,4f4300004f,5,14,00000011000100

443d000044,852cffffff,5,14,00000011000101

890424e89d,3800009f38,5,14,00000011000110

890424e83c,00c70424f4,5,14,00000011000111

bf4b0000bf,3900000239,5,14,00000011001000

890424e835,410000bf41,5,14,00000011001001

890424e8ef,2a0000872a,5,14,00000011001010

890424e8ca,00c7042440,5,14,00000011001011

890424e81c,b23c0000b2,5,14,00000011001100

8b45148d50048955148b,0000410e088502420d05,10,14,00000011001101

c085,003d,2,14,00000011001110

eb04,e001,2,14,00000011001111

7573,ebef,2,14,00000011010000

e96e,5424,2,14,00000011010001

05c4,ff8d,2,14,00000011010010

84c9,048d,2,14,00000011010011

8945fc8b,00000010,4,14,00000011010100

00000028,44240400,4,14,00000011010101

00000083,00008d9d,4,14,00000011010110

e9ce,ff4d,2,14,00000011010111

0080,ff00,2,14,00000011011000

0bf0,7578,2,14,00000011011001

0031,0039,2,14,00000011011010

0000005c,00000020,4,14,00000011011011

e94d,e871,2,14,00000011011100

00000080,0000000a,4,14,00000011011101

89cb,ec28,2,14,00000011011110

e932,e894,2,14,00000011011111

e89e,ff8b,2,14,00000011100000

0003,0060,2,14,00000011100001

e986,ec89,2,14,00000011100010

0059,008a,2,14,00000011100011

8b450c40,c70424aa,4,14,00000011100100

ec8b,e8f6,2,14,00000011100101

894424048b4508,ffff83ec0c8945,7,14,00000011100110

000000ba,c70424e5,4,14,00000011100111

e862,e9ab,2,14,00000011101000

2068,7523,2,14,00000011101001

2061,7413,2,14,00000011101010

0084,7416,2,14,00000011101011

7412,ff01,2,14,00000011101100

05f0,7466,2,14,00000011101101

0048,01eb,2,14,00000011101110

e942,ff80,2,14,00000011101111

e8bf,45b1,2,14,00000011110000

e998,7404,2,14,00000011110001

8528,b083,2,14,00000011110010

84c075e4,c70424e4,4,14,00000011110011

028b,204f,2,14,00000011110100

0044,03e8,2,14,00000011110101

0073,0007,2,14,00000011110110

e810,4510,2,14,00000011110111

00c9,e8ba,2,14,00000011111000

e004,e993,2,14,00000011111001

00c0,04c7,2,14,00000011111010

0039,148d,2,14,00000011111011

e807,4100,2,14,00000011111100

e8e7,7403,2,14,00000011111101

04c5,4424,2,14,00000011111110

45a4,ff45,2,14,00000011111111

008b45f4,00000018,4,14,00000100000000

83ca,fc8b,2,14,00000100000001

000044,83ec14,3,14,00000100000010

8b5510,000f84,3,14,00000100000011

837dfc,8b5510,3,14,00000100000100

0000ff,000001,3,14,00000100000101

000014,45f08b,3,14,00000100000110

ffffeb,450c8b,3,14,00000100000111

160400,0c8945,3,14,00000100001000

3b45f4,45fc89,3,14,00000100001001

45f889,8d45a0,3,14,00000100001010

890424e870,3300004433,5,14,00000100001011

890424e8dd,4433000044,5,14,00000100001100

890424e871,d4340000d4,5,14,00000100001101

890424e888,4437000044,5,14,00000100001110

890424e8aa,2f0000e42f,5,14,00000100001111

890424e87b,340000d434,5,14,00000100010000

890424e867,3e00005f3e,5,14,00000100010001

890424e824,00c7042484,5,14,00000100010010

890424e807,3700004437,5,14,00000100010011

890424e83e,e42f0000e4,5,14,00000100010100

890424e80f,5f3e00005f,5,14,00000100010101

ffff51,0083ec,3,14,00000100010110

1704,0f87,2,14,00000100010111

f401ca,83ec10,3,14,00000100011000

ffff8b,0000c6,3,14,00000100011001

2042,0009,2,14,00000100011010

200a,0044,2,14,00000100011011

8807,ff98,2,14,00000100011100

2050,e823,2,14,00000100011101

837df8,24e853,3,14,00000100011110

00000089,000000dc,4,14,00000100011111

dc8b55,000042,3,14,00000100100000

8801,853f,2,14,00000100100001

0401,84c9,2,14,00000100100010

8b852cffffff,5589e583ec18,6,14,00000100100011

890424e83d,00000000e8,5,14,00000100100100

890424e826,00c704245b,5,14,00000100100101

0083ec08c9,890424e8b9,5,14,00000100100110

890424e8d1,890424e8b6,5,14,00000100100111

890424e81e,0000624600,5,14,00000100101000

0014,7072,2,14,00000100101001

0504,89e5,2,14,00000100101010

29c2,e805,2,14,00000100101011

550c,eb12,2,14,00000100101100

6c65,8a34,2,14,00000100101101

00ff,740d,2,14,00000100101110

750c,002c,2,14,00000100101111

834d,1c00,2,14,00000100110000

4120,2092,2,14,00000100110001

4749,0f26,2,14,00000100110010

2043,fffe,2,14,00000100110011

5508,4508,2,14,00000100110100

7448,0054,2,14,00000100110101

00000090,c70424f0,4,14,00000100110110

e8d9,0005,2,14,00000100110111

108b450c,c70424d4,4,14,00000100111000

0088,6765,2,14,00000100111001

05c5,733a,2,14,00000100111010

02000083,0000005d,4,14,00000100111011

7523,0014,2,14,00000100111100

e835,18c7,2,14,00000100111101

f48b,01e8,2,14,00000100111110

4584,e88b,2,14,00000100111111

0484,00fa,2,14,00000101000000

4598,ff75,2,14,00000101000001

6e67,55e0,2,14,00000101000010

ffff0a,8d45ac,3,14,00000101000011

890424e89e,00c704249c,5,14,00000101000100

00000010,00000083,4,14,00000101000101

0000009c,45fc8b45,4,14,00000101000110

2400,2044,2,14,00000101000111

eb17,0025,2,14,00000101001000

00eb52,8b45b4,3,14,00000101001001

89450c,8d45c0,3,14,00000101001010

b083c3,642074,3,14,00000101001011

000fbf,00008a,3,14,00000101001100

108945,0000a1,3,14,00000101001101

ff45fc,0000ac,3,14,00000101001110

45fc00,0000ea,3,14,00000101001111

ffff48,00006f,3,14,00000101010000

c0740d,000054,3,14,00000101010001

ffff20,0000d7,3,14,00000101010010

7425,eb55,2,14,00000101010011

0000005d,c7042490,4,14,00000101010100

83e1,fcff,2,14,00000101010101

6372,458c,2,14,00000101010110

ffffff25,108b450c,4,14,00000101010111

0cc9,745f,2,14,00000101011000

d08d,ac83,2,14,00000101011001

020f,eb14,2,14,00000101011010

000000fc,c70424c0,4,14,00000101011011

4000,7d02,2,14,00000101011100

00000023,000000bc,4,14,00000101011101

8902,e8fb,2,14,00000101011110

4594,e96e,2,14,00000101011111

dc00,10c7,2,14,00000101100000

0000003d,c704247c,4,14,00000101100001

0000005b,ffffffc7,4,14,00000101100010

0c48,e8e7,2,14,00000101100011

ff09,d729,2,14,00000101100100

e8bb,5f57,2,14,00000101100101

0866,5508,2,14,00000101100110

8d4d,7473,2,14,00000101100111

4424,0016,2,14,00000101101000

5514,00e8,2,14,00000101101001

0000000e,44240404,4,14,00000101101010

8933,7448,2,14,00000101101011

85b7,8b85,2,14,00000101101100

ff8b,048b,2,14,00000101101101

1c000000fc,08890424e8,5,14,00000101101110

0f3700000f,00e7370000,5,14,00000101101111

890424e804,890424e88f,5,14,00000101110000

088a,f48b,2,14,00000101110001

2044,2041,2,14,00000101110010

83ec0c89,088b450c,4,14,00000101110011

01c2,7412,2,14,00000101110100

0885,000b,2,14,00000101110101

83ff,c605,2,14,00000101110110

f801,4000,2,14,00000101110111

0002,744c,2,14,00000101111000

7403,d088,2,14,00000101111001

0c83,00c0,2,14,00000101111010

107f,b800,2,14,00000101111011

c9c3,e9fd,2,14,00000101111100

000000dc,c7042420,4,14,00000101111101

0062,4749,2,14,00000101111110

442408c7442404,8b4508890424e8,7,14,00000101111111

890424e847,0062460000,5,14,00000110000000

890424e8d5,0000d43400,5,14,00000110000001

890424e8c2,0000e73700,5,14,00000110000010

ffffff30,000000eb,4,14,00000110000011

00000022,0000005c,4,14,00000110000100

00000011,000000fc,4,14,00000110000101

0f9fc0ff4d,004f430000,5,14,00000110000110

890424e876,009f380000,5,14,00000110000111

890424e85c,0044330000,5,14,00000110001000

00000085,c7042480,4,14,00000110001001

3700000f37,1c000000fc,5,14,00000110001010

ffffff83ef,00872a0000,5,14,00000110001011

e2390000e2,890424e8b3,5,14,00000110001100

390000e239,890424e866,5,14,00000110001101

890424e832,0002390000,5,14,00000110001110

2800009428,00e42f0000,5,14,00000110001111

9428000094,00c7042401,5,14,00000110010000

890424e864,0000372e00,5,14,00000110010001

8b45108d50048955108b0089,894424048b4508890424e831,12,13,0000011001001

4010,7475,2,13,0000011001010

0000cc,000062,3,13,0000011001011

83ec14,00005f,3,13,0000011001100

00000c,000020,3,13,0000011001101

000000ff450c,894424048b45,6,13,0000011001110

5589e583ec14,5589e583ec1c,6,13,0000011001111

401c,7375,2,13,0000011010000

0406,d08d,2,13,0000011010001

eb07,2050,2,13,0000011010010

8b10,7461,2,13,0000011010011

656e,f88d,2,13,0000011010100

ec1c,0885,2,13,0000011010101

08e9,fc89,2,13,0000011010110

0300fa,24088b,3,13,0000011010111

7410,0176,2,13,0000011011000

744c,010f,2,13,0000011011001

01d08a,b083c3,3,13,0000011011010

ffff17,0000bf,3,13,0000011011011

0000ef,837ddc,3,13,0000011011100

000097,c745f8,3,13,0000011011101

000077,000027,3,13,0000011011110

c010,ec04,2,13,0000011011111

0000c9,008945,3,13,0000011100000

0008,2420,2,13,0000011100001

8080,45fb,2,13,0000011100010

f483,ec18,2,13,0000011100011

2069,8810,2,13,0000011100100

7420,741b,2,13,0000011100101

fc3c,7424,2,13,0000011100110

206d,eb2c,2,13,0000011100111

000d,f88b,2,13,0000011101000

05e0,e80c,2,13,0000011101001

0c8d,e812,2,13,0000011101010

7269,8500,2,13,0000011101011

0c8945f4,000000a0,4,13,0000011101100

00000048,c7042406,4,13,0000011101101

000000c6,0000009c,4,13,0000011101110

837d1000,c7042402,4,13,0000011101111

50ff,7df8,2,13,0000011110000

fcff,743a,2,13,0000011110001

0488,7dfc,2,13,0000011110010

8000008b,008b45fc,4,13,0000011110011

008d9d,45f889,3,13,0000011110100

8d45f0,8d45ec,3,13,0000011110101

00006a,000014,3,13,0000011110110

8802ff,00006c,3,13,0000011110111

45f88b,ffff90,3,13,0000011111000

000021,ffff33,3,13,0000011111001

000047,ffff8d,3,13,0000011111010

010000e8,000000ba,4,13,0000011111011

c745f4,0000da,3,13,0000011111100

0000a1,00005c,3,13,0000011111101

00b8,8902,2,13,0000011111110

f7c7,ec1c,2,13,0000011111111

8b450c8a003c,ff83ec04c9c2,6,13,0000100000000

2b0000672b,00242a0000,5,13,0000100000001

0000000001,0044370000,5,13,0000100000010

672b000067,0000e42f00,5,13,0000100000011

00000020,010000c7,4,13,0000100000100

0000007c,000000a1,4,13,0000100000101

fffe,c008,2,13,0000100000110

ff00,6f75,2,13,0000100000111

e804,e998,2,13,0000100001000

e889,8985,2,13,0000100001001

45a8,eb03,2,13,0000100001010

004d,7567,2,13,0000100001011

0c01,440a,2,13,0000100001100

e089,fc83,2,13,0000100001101

2070,eb29,2,13,0000100001110

0011,ff81,2,13,0000100001111

45ec8b,89e583,3,13,0000100010000

45fcc1,83ec18,3,13,0000100010001

000083,00003a,3,13,0000100010010

ec10,506f,2,13,0000100010011

ff74,ec0c,2,13,0000100010100

0f00,89c8,2,13,0000100010101

0028,4551,2,13,0000100010110

010f,7408,2,13,0000100010111

e839,740c,2,13,0000100011000

ffffff88,00000001,4,13,0000100011001

c88b,02b0,2,13,0000100011010

7570,003c,2,13,0000100011011

088d,e94d,2,13,0000100011100

e88b,f089,2,13,0000100011101

000005,000085,3,13,0000100011110

0000000000000000,0000000000000000,8,13,0000100011111

ec14,e932,2,13,0000100100000

894424048b45,8b852cffffff,6,13,0000100100001

000000a0,0000005b,4,13,0000100100010

00bf4b0000,1c00000000,5,13,0000100100011

00ef4f0000,00bf410000,5,13,0000100100100

ffff4d,652073,3,13,0000100100101

ffff85,83e040,3,13,0000100100110

0079,0004,2,13,0000100100111

8943,ff0f,2,13,0000100101000

7431,7507,2,13,0000100101001

741f,400c,2,13,0000100101010

45088904,00000011,4,13,0000100101011

005d,8933,2,13,0000100101100

208b,f4ff,2,13,0000100101101

003b,8903,2,13,0000100101110

008b45dc,00000022,4,13,0000100101111

0c040400,ffffff25,4,13,0000100110000

6f72,2089,2,13,0000100110001

f4ff,74ea,2,13,0000100110010

f8ff,e9d3,2,13,0000100110011

0801,020f,2,13,0000100110100

ffff1d,00eb12,3,13,0000100110101

00443d0000,005f3e0000,5,13,0000100110110

0000b8,c745c8,3,13,0000100110111

00000f,ffff95,3,13,0000100111000

0000744100,00005f3e00,5,13,0000100111001

ffff18,f88945,3,13,0000100111010

000076,746976,3,13,0000100111011

08a1,756d,2,13,0000100111100

29c7,7518,2,13,0000100111101

00a1,0079,2,13,0000100111110

01c5,dc00,2,13,0000100111111

ff7f,45f7,2,13,0000101000000

55f8,00b8,2,13,0000101000001

8500,744b,2,13,0000101000010

7df8,e942,2,13,0000101000011

8540,0062,2,13,0000101000100

0284,7425,2,13,0000101000101

ffffff78,c7042405,4,13,0000101000110

80000000,00000023,4,13,0000101000111

00000040,8b45fc89,4,13,0000101001000

0000443d00,0000443700,5,13,0000101001001

00008b450c,1c000000dc,5,13,0000101001010

2083,d8c6,2,13,0000101001011

e902,e986,2,13,0000101001100

4020,6d61,2,13,0000101001101

b700,8943,2,13,0000101001110

7406,0f85,2,13,0000101001111

0000000c,0000003d,4,13,0000101010000

e48b,0cc7,2,13,0000101010001

34ffffff,0000000e,4,13,0000101010010

ffff45,ffff59,3,13,0000101010011

000025,ffff48,3,13,0000101010100

0074410000,0000b23c00,5,13,0000101010101

7479,6563,2,13,0000101010110

4580,640a,2,13,0000101010111

0070,0c98,2,13,0000101011000

0021,f809,2,13,0000101011001

45d7,8db5,2,13,0000101011010

853f,c1e0,2,13,0000101011011

55e0,eb17,2,13,0000101011100

f089,0488,2,13,0000101011101

740c,01c9,2,13,0000101011110

0402,000a,2,13,0000101011111

c000,8955,2,13,0000101100000

8db5,4553,2,13,0000101100001

00000001,8b45088a,4,13,0000101100010

000f370000,c744240400,5,13,0000101100011

1c000000dc,0000443300,5,13,0000101100100

0000672b00,0000bf4500,5,13,0000101100101

8d45f8,000025,3,13,0000101100110

0000bf4b00,8b45fc8904,5,13,0000101100111

0000ef4f00,00b23c0000,5,13,0000101101000

00001c,ffff7a,3,13,0000101101001

34ffffff8a,00bf450000,5,13,0000101101010

000009,8b45cc,3,13,0000101101011

0083,d089,2,13,0000101101100

6970,04c5,2,13,0000101101101

e800,0030,2,13,0000101101110

f001,7d08,2,13,0000101101111

2030,eb04,2,13,0000101110000

2046,0485,2,13,0000101110001

ff75,f489,2,13,0000101110010

0100,0503,2,13,0000101110011

00e2390000,00372e0000,5,13,0000101110100

00000004,008b45dc,4,13,0000101110101

0000942800,00c704244d,5,13,0000101110110

45f08b,0100c7,3,13,0000101110111

008b45fc,0000007c,4,13,0000101111000

00c7442408,0000872a00,5,13,0000101111001

2062,8d65,2,13,0000101111010

3078,4085,2,13,0000101111011

05a0,204d,2,13,0000101111100

8560,2064,2,13,0000101111101

0579,8b10,2,13,0000101111110

fc8b,008b,2,13,0000101111111

756c,e820,2,13,0000110000000

e008,eb32,2,13,0000110000001

8564,8b4d,2,13,0000110000010

00000003,ffffff88,4,13,0000110000011

c745ac,442410,3,13,0000110000100

00672b0000,00004f4300,5,13,0000110000101

0000e23900,000000c704,5,13,0000110000110

55fc,088d,2,13,0000110000111

f88b,2424,2,13,0000110001000

058d,6465,2,13,0000110001001

0503,f7c7,2,13,0000110001010

ffff41,0000ff,3,13,0000110001011

55f0,278d,2,13,0000110001100

0289,45b4,2,13,0000110001101

7365,2053,2,13,0000110001110

8000,e9ce,2,13,0000110001111

0883,636f,2,13,0000110010000

c785,204e,2,13,0000110010001

2573,0028,2,13,0000110010010

7220,0801,2,13,0000110010011

85c0740d,0000001c,4,13,0000110010100

0410,0042,2,13,0000110010101

45f6,c000,2,13,0000110010110

1085,450c,2,13,0000110010111

45b4,7418,2,13,0000110011000

75f9,6f64,2,13,0000110011001

696c,8540,2,13,0000110011010

0020,04b0,2,13,0000110011011

856c,c355,2,13,0000110011100

2077,0502,2,13,0000110011101

5020,fc00,2,13,0000110011110

0000004e,370000e7,4,13,0000110011111

5589e583ec0c,5589e583ec04,6,13,0000110100000

8550,7261,2,13,0000110100001

00000000410e088502420d0579,00000000410e088502420d0579,13,13,0000110100010

00c6,5f52,2,13,0000110100011

0078,2067,2,13,0000110100100

fc89,7513,2,13,0000110100101

0c66,0410,2,13,0000110100110

0405,c704,2,13,0000110100111

2025,2418,2,13,0000110101000

05a8,83ca,2,13,0000110101001

668945ec,008b45b0,4,13,0000110101010

0000000f,0000008a,4,13,0000110101011

008b4508,108b45fc,4,13,0000110101100

000000ff,0000008d,4,13,0000110101101

45b083c3,46000062,4,13,0000110101110

005589e583ec04,005589e583ec04,7,13,0000110101111

0085,2400,2,13,0000110110000

7519,0284,2,13,0000110110001

02c6,2410,2,13,0000110110010

e820,02c6,2,13,0000110110011

003c,eb52,2,13,0000110110100

7563,7453,2,13,0000110110101

410e088502420d05,ffff83ec04c9c204,8,13,0000110110110

0c8b4508c70020,8b45fc890424e8,7,13,0000110110111

8b45fc890424e8,00000000000000,7,13,0000110111000

894424048b4508890424e8,894424048b4508890424e8,11,13,0000110111001

00000f3700,00d4340000,5,12,000011011101

c744240404,0000bf4100,5,12,000011011110

0a0000,000047,3,12,000011011111

000066,8b4520,3,12,000011100000

c744240420,0000023900,5,12,000011100001

00008b4508,0000242a00,5,12,000011100010

8b55d0,0000e7,3,12,000011100011

0000eb,ffff53,3,12,000011100100

000000b8,85c0740d,4,12,000011100101

0000001c,0000000c,4,12,000011100110

733a,0085,2,12,000011100111

e803,7406,2,12,000011101000

83ec04c9,00000089,4,12,000011101001

08eb,2049,2,12,000011101010

e80c,206e,2,12,000011101011

8570,6561,2,12,000011101100

c704240a,0000003c,4,12,000011101101

616c,0289,2,12,000011101110

c605,2065,2,12,000011101111

741a,459c,2,12,000011110000

6f5f,ec14,2,12,000011110001

e866,0050,2,12,000011110010

10c7,2069,2,12,000011110011

0386,696f,2,12,000011110100

1489,0010,2,12,000011110101

0030,6e74,2,12,000011110110

45ff,5514,2,12,000011110111

008b45b0,c7042401,4,12,000011111000

d08b,d0c1,2,12,000011111001

890424,8b45c4,3,12,000011111010

008d,55f8,2,12,000011111011

088945,ffff1d,3,12,000011111100

5f69,7272,2,12,000011111101

0cc7,45c4,2,12,000011111110

2027,e803,2,12,000011111111

017c,7422,2,12,000100000000

8574,45d4,2,12,000100000001

6420,2043,2,12,000100000010

741b,0008,2,12,000100000011

ff85,206f,2,12,000100000100

7973,85b7,2,12,000100000101

9d,82,1,12,000100000110

fc890424e8,00010000e8,5,12,000100000111

45f48b,ffffc7,3,12,000100001000

8b45a8,ffff18,3,12,000100001001

89542404,00000008,4,12,000100001010

71,96,1,12,000100001011

ffff83,ffff4d,3,12,000100001100

0fbe,45bc,2,12,000100001101

8568,7570,2,12,000100001110

500c,f08b,2,12,000100001111

0ce0,894c,2,12,000100010000

7531,6f20,2,12,000100010001

ffff0f,042400,3,12,000100010010

00e9,6164,2,12,000100010011

455f,90eb,2,12,000100010100

746f,ec08,2,12,000100010101

ec0c,89d1,2,12,000100010110

0cb4,e866,2,12,000100010111

04000000,00000085,4,12,000100011000

ffffff10,85c00f85,4,12,000100011001

008b00,8b0089,3,12,000100011010

ffffc7,ffff89,3,12,000100011011

c743,83e1,2,12,000100011100

3d000044,005589e5,4,12,000100011101

0000000000,1c0000007c,5,12,000100011110

8b4520,ffff45,3,12,000100011111

8b45148d50048955148b0089,8b45148d50048955148b0089,12,12,000100100000

02b0,5f69,2,12,000100100001

0201,8845,2,12,000100100010

7468,7369,2,12,000100100011

048d,241c,2,12,000100100100

45ac,c00f,2,12,000100100101

8934,3078,2,12,000100100110

41000074,b000eb02,4,12,000100100111

00c7442404,1c000000bc,5,12,000100101000

00410e088502420d05,00410e088502420d05,9,12,000100101001

f800,75f9,2,12,000100101010

eb28,b700,2,12,000100101011

0c85,1489,2,12,000100101100

8d2c,45d7,2,12,000100101101

ec18,107f,2,12,000100101110

55ec,0fbe,2,12,000100101111

458c,0883,2,12,000100110000

0583,6574,2,12,000100110001

e010,6e20,2,12,000100110010

ffffff83e0,1c0000009c,5,12,000100110011

a6,97,1,12,000100110100

4b0000bf,ffffff78,4,12,000100110101

e830,7469,2,12,000100110110

0288,c743,2,12,000100110111

4f0000ef,ffffff30,4,12,000100111000

08c7,0c89,2,12,000100111001

e3,ed,1,12,000100111010

c745c4,048b45,3,12,000100111011

0f85,008d,2,12,000100111100

00e8,08c7,2,12,000100111101

000c,eb07,2,12,000100111110

a7,db,1,12,000100111111

f08b,45c8,2,12,000101000000

4089,7572,2,12,000101000001

ffff83ec0c8945fc8b45,8b45148d50048955148b,10,12,000101000010

83f807,8d45f4,3,12,000101000011

0000003c,000000b8,4,12,000101000100

ec15,e902,2,12,000101000101

5510,001c,2,12,000101000110

696e,7220,2,12,000101000111

8578,2042,2,12,000101001000

8558,088b,2,12,000101001001

048b4508,000000c6,4,12,000101001010

83e2,f400,2,12,000101001011

1c000000bc,00c744240c,5,12,000101001100

0550,ff83,2,12,000101001101

4510,ec10,2,12,000101001110

0094280000,00009f3800,5,12,000101001111

92,9f,1,12,000101010000

8b55f4,442418,3,12,000101010001

45fc8b,c745ac,3,12,000101010010

048b45,790000,3,12,000101010011

837de0,0c8b40,3,12,000101010100

ff45,741f,2,12,000101010101

c08b,7379,2,12,000101010110

ffd2,07b8,2,12,000101010111

0000008d,000000c7,4,12,000101011000

ed,dd,1,12,000101011001

c704,8934,2,12,000101011010

0184,7407,2,12,000101011011

1083,45b8,2,12,000101011100

fc83,00e9,2,12,000101011101

6c6573,080000,3,12,000101011110

008a,6f63,2,12,000101011111

203d,e830,2,12,000101100000

45bc,45d0,2,12,000101100001

0000008a,0000000f,4,12,000101100010

008b45,0000cc,3,12,000101100011

93,da,1,12,000101100100

cf,a6,1,12,000101100101

0305,0078,2,12,000101100110

008945,0000eb,3,12,000101100111

0a000000,0000004e,4,12,000101101000

e805,656e,2,12,000101101001

eb52,7573,2,12,000101101010

853e,7374,2,12,000101101011

ff10,148b,2,12,000101101100

8945c0,c0740d,3,12,000101101101

8945bc,c9c204,3,12,000101101110

c744240400,1c0000005c,5,12,000101101111

857c,6661,2,12,000101110000

ffff89,ffff41,3,12,000101110001

6573,c010,2,12,000101110010

0570,f001,2,12,000101110011

ff4d,ff10,2,12,000101110100

459c,e040,2,12,000101110101

ec04,e010,2,12,000101110110

0424e8,c9c208,3,12,000101110111

99,a2,1,12,000101111000

ffff83ec04c9c204,ffff83ec0c8945fc,8,12,000101111001

740a,2401,2,12,000101111010

85c00f85,45088904,4,12,000101111011

0083ec04,00c74424,4,12,000101111100

0485,017a,2,12,000101111101

0489,6973,2,12,000101111110

8b451c,8945e4,3,12,000101111111

45b8,0700,2,12,000110000000

0000e9,088945,3,12,000110000001

04b0,202d,2,12,000110000010

45b0,7410,2,12,000110000011

0540,2062,2,12,000110000100

45c4,000c,2,12,000110000101

0025,0386,2,12,000110000110

7418,0489,2,12,000110000111

89d9,2054,2,12,000110001000

ff83ec08,c744240c,4,12,000110001001

5008,240c,2,12,000110001010

8d34,f007,2,12,000110001011

4004,2000,2,12,000110001100

0fbf,017c,2,12,000110001101

89de,6172,2,12,000110001110

5f45,7665,2,12,000110001111

0560,00da,2,12,000110010000

34ff,89d9,2,12,000110010001

45c0,83ec,2,12,000110010010

734c,85ff,2,12,000110010011

202d,1085,2,12,000110010100

7461,eb28,2,12,000110010101

5f50,45e8,2,12,000110010110

400c,756c,2,12,000110010111

7879,853e,2,12,000110011000

45de,6e67,2,12,000110011001

5589e583ec08,0000c7442404,6,12,000110011010

4508,0500,2,12,000110011011

b800,5ff4,2,12,000110011100

008b,0c8b,2,12,000110011101

8548,c785,2,12,000110011110

741d,5f4e,2,12,000110011111

f400,2077,2,12,000110100000

494f,c204,2,12,000110100001

ec08,45a8,2,12,000110100010

04c7,2061,2,12,000110100011

eb01,8d14,2,12,000110100100

85ff,c208,2,12,000110100101

c00f,45c0,2,12,000110100110

6365,6e64,2,12,000110100111

0089,0201,2,12,000110101000

0c89,ff85,2,12,000110101001

005589e583ec14,c50c040400001c,7,12,000110101010

180406,0000b8,3,12,000110101011

45fc890424e8,45fc890424e8,6,12,000110101100

5589e583ec04,ffff83ec04c9,6,12,000110101101

ffff83ec0c8945fc8b,148d50048955148b00,9,11,00011010111

8945c4,895514,3,11,00011011000

ce,e5,1,11,00011011001

8b45b8,83ec1c,3,11,00011011010

00000016,000000e9,4,11,00011011011

aa,d5,1,11,00011011100

895424,652066,3,11,00011011101

2cffffff83,000000008b,5,11,00011011110

9e,d9,1,11,00011011111

45fc83,55148b,3,11,00011100000

8b45b4,500489,3,11,00011100001

1c0000007c,8945fc8b45,5,11,00011100010

b2,91,1,11,00011100011

91,e7,1,11,00011100100

0c008b,8b45c0,3,11,00011100101

45f88d,8b45e4,3,11,00011100110

ffff3f,64202d,3,11,00011100111

89442408c744240404,ffffffffffffffffff,9,11,00011101000

148b00,8b550c,3,11,00011101001

8f,ce,1,11,00011101010

1c0000001c,894424048b,5,11,00011101011

45b083,ffff83,3,11,00011101100

9f,df,1,11,00011101101

e7,99,1,11,00011101110

89442408c7,00c7042400,5,11,00011101111

83ec08,8b55f8,3,11,00011110000

1c0000009c,89442408c7,5,11,00011110001

45d4,5004,2,11,00011110010

a2,ae,1,11,00011110011

89f8,7468,2,11,00011110100

fc00,1000,2,11,00011110101

7407,68ff,2,11,00011110110

8b4004,008b45,3,11,00011110111

6f70,4544,2,11,00011111000

e5,9b,1,11,00011111001

00000000eb,000000c744,5,11,00011111010

b3,cf,1,11,00011111011

8b4518,c00f85,3,11,00011111100

8b45bc,000008,3,11,00011111101

8945cc,8b45ec,3,11,00011111110

7532,6d65,2,11,00011111111

6e64,8d2c,2,11,00100000000

088b,0889,2,11,00100000001

e003,7269,2,11,00100000010

0889,2408,2,11,00100000011

45c8,2063,2,11,00100000100

7465,2030,2,11,00100000101

ee,8f,1,11,00100000110

8b0000,652030,3,11,00100000111

ff83ec04,8b450c8b,4,11,00100001000

d9,b3,1,11,00100001001

e01f,7365,2,11,00100001010

2066,0300,2,11,00100001011

83ef,0089,2,11,00100001100

e040,6c69,2,11,00100001101

8b55e0,83ec04,3,11,00100001110

6a,86,1,11,00100001111

8806,8b00,2,11,00100010000

10f5,656d,2,11,00100010001

8534,2414,2,11,00100010010

6564,83e2,2,11,00100010011

240c,8d34,2,11,00100010100

c7042400,ffffff10,4,11,00100010101

89f0,45d8,2,11,00100010110

1c0000005c,ffffffffff,5,11,00100010111

837dd8,546573,3,11,00100011000

8b45d0,8945e8,3,11,00100011001

9b,e3,1,11,00100011010

0000410e088502420d05,4424048b4508890424e8,10,11,00100011011

8b45c4,ffff85,3,11,00100011100

83ec04,feffff,3,11,00100011101

22,a7,1,11,00100011110

852c,2072,2,11,00100011111

7b,af,1,11,00100100000

8b45ac83,ffffff89,4,11,00100100001

8b45fc8904,1c0000001c,5,11,00100100010

1c0000003c,1c0000003c,5,11,00100100011

7432,000f,2,11,00100100100

8945d0,00eb52,3,11,00100100101

726f,45b0,2,11,00100100110

e015,e002,2,11,00100100111

b9,92,1,11,00100101000

6b,9a,1,11,00100101001

000000eb,668945ec,4,11,00100101010

c00c,89f8,2,11,00100101011

8b55fc,83ec0c,3,11,00100101100

2a,8e,1,11,00100101101

96,51,1,11,00100101110

8e,c5,1,11,00100101111

ef,9e,1,11,00100110000

0f8e,8534,2,11,00100110001

6520,8a45,2,11,00100110010

ab,22,1,11,00100110011

d089,45ec,2,11,00100110100

00000074,ffffff8b,4,11,00100110101

108b45,442408,3,11,00100110110

d2,93,1,11,00100110111

894c,89f0,2,11,00100111000

0190,2046,2,11,00100111001

e001,1400,2,11,00100111010

00000000c7,c744240409,5,11,00100111011

8945d4,8d45f0,3,11,00100111100

c089,89c2,2,11,00100111101

af,d2,1,11,00100111110

ae,4a,1,11,00100111111

2073,f800,2,11,00101000000

048945,8b451c,3,11,00101000001

8914,89d0,2,11,00101000010

45b7,1083,2,11,00101000011

8b550c,8d45f8,3,11,00101000100

00008b,8945e0,3,11,00101000101

19,b1,1,11,00101000110

b5,3e,1,11,00101000111

2410,0100,2,11,00101001000

75fa,011b,2,11,00101001001

410e088502420d0503,89442408c744240404,9,11,00101001010

0066,24e8,2,11,00101001011

4008,83f0,2,11,00101001100

ffffff8a,45fc8904,4,11,00101001101

c50c040400001c,ffff83ec04c9c2,7,11,00101001110

d5,e1,1,11,00101001111

01f8,01f8,2,11,00101010000

8b450c8b,00000074,4,11,00101010001

b1,6a,1,11,00101010010

148b,746f,2,11,00101010011

89d7,45e0,2,11,00101010100

62,7e,1,11,00101010101

c204,b000,2,11,00101010110

8d14,83ef,2,11,00101010111

8b45c0,c07404,3,11,00101011000

cd,bb,1,11,00101011001

00c7,7320,2,11,00101011010

c075,eb0b,2,11,00101011011

7a,2e,1,11,00101011100

1a,19,1,11,00101011101

8945b0,8945dc,3,11,00101011110

4a,e6,1,11,00101011111

36,9d,1,11,00101100000

d0d1,c9c2,2,11,00101100001

83ec0489,00008b45,4,11,00101100010

bf,2f,1,11,00101100011

ffff83ec04c9c2,005589e583ec14,7,11,00101100100

000089,442404,3,11,00101100101

0000e8,c745fc,3,11,00101100110

bd,b2,1,11,00101100111

838d,7563,2,11,00101101000

bb,71,1,11,00101101001

000000c7,04000000,4,11,00101101010

894424,00008d,3,11,00101101011

b80c,84c0,2,11,00101101100

f1,ad,1,11,00101101101

4304,45dc,2,11,00101101110

1d,7c,1,11,00101101111

7dfc,6564,2,11,00101110000

8b4d,6421,2,11,00101110001

83f0,5043,2,11,00101110010

ad,aa,1,11,00101110011

68ff,34ff,2,11,00101110100

8b95,696c,2,11,00101110101

d6,17,1,11,00101110110

0000008b,8b45148d,4,11,00101110111

0424,0f8e,2,11,00101111000

011b,7825,2,11,00101111001

23,5a,1,11,00101111010

c208,2404,2,11,00101111011

83ec,c089,2,11,00101111100

83c3,c308,2,11,00101111101

e002,616e,2,11,00101111110

017a,8950,2,11,00101111111

45d0,206d,2,11,00110000000

cb,11,1,11,00110000001

24e8,108b,2,11,00110000010

df,8c,1,11,00110000011

2020,c075,2,11,00110000100

4424048b4508890424e8,00410e088502420d0502,10,11,00110000101

1000,838d,2,11,00110000110

450c,6573,2,11,00110000111

6572,89d7,2,11,00110001000

5a,a3,1,11,00110001001

1e,cd,1,11,00110001010

00eb,6f72,2,11,00110001011

000000e9,c7442410,4,11,00110001100

8b852cffffff83,894424048b4508,7,11,00110001101

8b45148d50048955148b00,8b45148d50048955148b00,11,11,00110001110

3030,8806,2,11,00110001111

9a,d6,1,11,00110010000

05b8,45ff,2,11,00110010001

00f0,4089,2,11,00110010010

0400,83c3,2,11,00110010011

45d8,5f50,2,11,00110010100

000000c70424,000000c70424,6,11,00110010101

8b45cc,b000eb,3,10,0011001011

8945e4,c645b7,3,10,0011001100

8b45d4,c07410,3,10,0011001101

000083ec08,5589e583ec,5,10,0011001110

8b45ac,c745c4,3,10,0011001111

8945dc,0000e8,3,10,0011010000

2f,59,1,10,0011010001

8945d8,0a0000,3,10,0011010010

de,1f,1,10,0011010011

f5,de,1,10,0011010100

0800e8,00008b,3,10,0011010101

a9,d3,1,10,0011010110

3f,9c,1,10,0011010111

82,ee,1,10,0011011000

13,7b,1,10,0011011001

db,7a,1,10,0011011010

00c70424,0100c704,4,10,0011011011

2b,1e,1,10,0011011100

8b4514,ffff3f,3,10,0011011101

83ec0c,8b45c8,3,10,0011011110

4f,36,1,10,0011011111

8b55f8,8b45f4,3,10,0011100000

59,6b,1,10,0011100001

c745f8,8945ec,3,10,0011100010

8b45088904,00000000eb,5,10,0011100011

442404ba,00000016,4,10,0011100100

83c8,6689,2,10,0011100101

1089,0f84,2,10,0011100110

dd,1b,1,10,0011100111

e6,2a,1,10,0011101000

0c0404,8b5508,3,10,0011101001

8b50,45e4,2,10,0011101010

17,1a,1,10,0011101011

d0c1,45f0,2,10,0011101100

37,cb,1,10,0011101101

c70424d5,c50c0404,4,10,0011101110

8850,45b7,2,10,0011101111

1f,1d,1,10,0011110000

3e,b9,1,10,0011110001

0074,0190,2,10,0011110010

ba,2b,1,10,0011110011

f889,0c00,2,10,0011110100

8b45e0,8b4518,3,10,0011110101

45cc,7465,2,10,0011110110

35,bf,1,10,0011110111

8b45fc89,c7442408,4,10,0011111000

8945ac,657374,3,10,0011111001

077e,0483,2,10,0011111010

0001,0400,2,10,0011111011

8b45b0,0c0404,3,10,0011111100

f2,bd,1,10,0011111101

e1,ab,1,10,0011111110

000f,05b8,2,10,0011111111

26,23,1,10,0100000000

0200,2074,2,10,0100000001

0010,8b95,2,10,0100000010

800000,8b55e0,3,10,0100000011

32,5c,1,10,0100000100

ac40,45ac,2,10,0100000101

2404,6f6e,2,10,0100000110

97,2d,1,10,0100000111

c5,3b,1,10,0100001000

0c8945fc,8945fc8b,4,10,0100001001

8945c8,8b45dc,3,10,0100001010

8950,0001,2,10,0100001011

b6,3d,1,10,0100001100

0500,c074,2,10,0100001101

8945e8,44240c,3,10,0100001110

ea,95,1,10,0100001111

51,16,1,10,0100010000

60,4b,1,10,0100010001

89d1,00eb,2,10,0100010010

8b00,7420,2,10,0100010011

8b45c8,000083,3,10,0100010100

33,3f,1,10,0100010101

4b,a9,1,10,0100010110

8b45148d,000083ec,4,10,0100010111

8530,ac40,2,10,0100011000

000000008b,0000c74424,5,10,0100011001

45e0,4154,2,10,0100011010

86,ba,1,10,0100011011

668945,8945b0,3,10,0100011100

8945e0,0000c7,3,10,0100011101

45e8,0fb6,2,10,0100011110

58,f5,1,10,0100011111

0fb7,6f73,2,10,0100100000

5589e5,8b45f0,3,10,0100100001

bc,b5,1,10,0100100010

8845,0200,2,10,0100100011

8985,6567,2,10,0100100100

00000000000000,8b852cffffff83,7,10,0100100101

1b,94,1,10,0100100110

45ec,83c0,2,10,0100100111

ffffff83,2cffffff,4,10,0100101000

85c00f,837dd8,3,10,0100101001

a3,0d,1,10,0100101010

0d,a1,1,10,0100101011

2408,83e0,2,10,0100101100

00008d,656420,3,10,0100101101

8c,ca,1,10,0100101110

0483,3030,2,10,0100101111

c703,2070,2,10,0100110000

8d45a8,000089,3,10,0100110001

be,67,1,10,0100110010

108b,2066,2,10,0100110011

7e,5e,1,10,0100110100

2cffffff,ffffff8a,4,10,0100110101

8b5508,8945d8,3,10,0100110110

89c2,0a00,2,10,0100110111

0c8945,83ec08,3,10,0100111000

31,32,1,10,0100111001

001c000000,000083ec04,5,10,0100111010

f6,b6,1,10,0100111011

ff03,1089,2,10,0100111100

46,f1,1,10,0100111101

c074,ec33,2,10,0100111110

a8,77,1,10,0100111111

45dc,7265,2,10,0101000000

4e,a4,1,10,0101000001

0c8b,45f4,2,10,0101000010

8945ec,894424,3,10,0101000011

1485,2073,2,10,0101000100

feffff,8945f0,3,10,0101000101

77,ef,1,10,0101000110

89c8,2020,2,10,0101000111

87,3a,1,10,0101001000

12,b0,1,10,0101001001

8955,8b40,2,10,0101001010

8b45d8,108b45,3,10,0101001011

a5,15,1,10,0101001100

5e,f9,1,10,0101001101

8b45e8,8945c8,3,10,0101001110

ff0f,45fc,2,10,0101001111

56,35,1,10,0101010000

15,13,1,10,0101010001

b7,0e,1,10,0101010010

6d,60,1,10,0101010011

8d45,6167,2,10,0101010100

ca,98,1,10,0101010101

45fc,45cc,2,10,0101010110

8b85,6169,2,10,0101010111

8b45dc,8b45d8,3,10,0101011000

21,21,1,10,0101011001

7c,be,1,10,0101011010

d3,ac,1,10,0101011011

c645,8910,2,10,0101011100

0075,8530,2,10,0101011101

67,ea,1,10,0101011110

7507,c703,2,10,0101011111

0502,4304,2,10,0101100000

8b45088b,0000008b,4,10,0101100001

5b,87,1,10,0101100010

57,26,1,10,0101100011

0e,5b,1,10,0101100100

9c,d4,1,10,0101100101

cc,b7,1,10,0101100110

94,0b,1,10,0101100111

8d9d,7373,2,10,0101101000

005589e5,6573745f,4,10,0101101001

fd,62,1,10,0101101010

0b,58,1,10,0101101011

fa,56,1,10,0101101100

79,12,1,10,0101101101

45e4,c9c3,2,10,0101101110

2d,7f,1,10,0101101111

d7,a8,1,10,0101110000

89d0,6974,2,10,0101110001

c50c0404,8b450889,4,10,0101110010

0300,2573,2,10,0101110011

ffffff89,01000000,4,10,0101110100

c7442408,c7042400,4,10,0101110101

0f84,696e,2,10,0101110110

eb0b,01d0,2,10,0101110111

89442408c7442404,89442408c7442404,8,10,0101111000

005589e583ec,c50c04040000,6,10,0101111001

83e001,726561,3,9,010111101

7f,37,1,9,010111110

c745fc,3a2049,3,9,010111111

2c,bc,1,9,011000000

85c074,8945ac,3,9,011000001

8b45e4,8b45b0,3,9,011000010

c9,cc,1,9,011000011

c4,d1,1,9,011000100

d4,fb,1,9,011000101

c1e816,45f88d,3,9,011000110

0800c7,8b852c,3,9,011000111

fb,f2,1,9,011001000

088b45,f00184,3,9,011001001

89442408,0000b000,4,9,011001010

894424048b,ffffff83e0,5,9,011001011

b4,4e,1,9,011001100

5004,6554,2,9,011001101

4c,48,1,9,011001110

95,f6,1,9,011001111

5c,e2,1,9,011010000

45f4,83f8,2,9,011010001

8b450889,8b45ac83,4,9,011010010

98,b4,1,9,011010011

8945f0,8b45f8,3,9,011010100

0000c7,84c074,3,9,011010101

040000,8b45ac,3,9,011010110

6689,c645,2,9,011010111

8b45088b40,ffff83ec0c,5,9,011011000

78,d8,1,9,011011001

42,24,1,9,011011010

442404,088b45,3,9,011011011

45f8,3a20,2,9,011011100

48,31,1,9,011011101

2e,1c,1,9,011011110

a4,fa,1,9,011011111

ffffffffffffffffff,ffff83ec0c8945fc8b,9,9,011100000

3b,33,1,9,011100001

ffff83ec,0a000000,4,9,011100010

005589e583,000083ec08,5,9,011100011

ac,d7,1,9,011100100

8b4510,45b083,3,9,011100101

68,90,1,9,011100110

11,c4,1,9,011100111

83c0,6c65,2,9,011101000

8945fc,8b4514,3,9,011101001

b0,a5,1,9,011101010

020000,8b4510,3,9,011101011

49,a0,1,9,011101100

000000e8,ffffff83,4,9,011101101

85c0,6572,2,9,011101110

8b45ec,5589e5,3,9,011101111

3a,0a,1,9,011110000

55,81,1,9,011110001

0a,46,1,9,011110010

442408,8945f4,3,9,011110011

c1e8,45f8,2,9,011110100

16,4f,1,9,011110101

f3,54,1,9,011110110

45f0,077e,2,9,011110111

43,52,1,9,011111000

c9c204,837dfc,3,9,011111001

83f8,0074,2,9,011111010

ffffffff,ffff83ec,4,9,011111011

34,c8,1,9,011111100

54,2c,1,9,011111101

52,38,1,9,011111110

c8,57,1,9,011111111

83e0,f889,2,9,100000000

a1,09,1,9,100000001

7d,4c,1,9,100000010

fe,e8,1,9,100000011

a0,3c,1,9,100000100

8b40,6420,2,9,100000101

8b0089,85c00f,3,9,100000110

c1e0,0075,2,9,100000111

d1,55,1,9,100001000

85c075,c74424,3,9,100001001

8954,726f,2,9,100001010

ff,42,1,9,100001011

8945f4,8945f8,3,9,100001100

0900,6520,2,9,100001101

47,7d,1,9,100001110

39,76,1,9,100001111

ffffff8b,5589e583,4,9,100010000

c1e002,85c074,3,9,100010001

38,f3,1,9,100010010

6c,e4,1,9,100010011

70,f0,1,9,100010100

45,84,1,9,100010101

8910,b001,2,9,100010110

81,72,1,9,100010111

00008b45,00c70424,4,9,100011000

27,27,1,9,100011001

00000008,ffffffff,4,9,100011010

84,6c,1,9,100011011

8b45f0,8d45a8,3,9,100011100

e2,44,1,9,100011101

0a00,85c0,2,9,100011110

5589e583ec,0000b000eb,5,9,100011111

63,78,1,9,100100000

5f,dc,1,9,100100001

c50c04040000,005589e583ec,6,9,100100010

8945f8,040000,3,9,100100011

e4,50,1,9,100100100

3c,6e,1,9,100100101

76,39,1,9,100100110

09,43,1,9,100100111

1c,47,1,9,100101000

6f,fd,1,9,100101001

d8,06,1,9,100101010

0fb6,8d9d,2,9,100101011

f9,63,1,9,100101100

c7442404,8b450c89,4,9,100101101

fc,5d,1,9,100101110

c74424,8945fc,3,9,100101111

07,70,1,9,100110000

06,53,1,9,100110001

e8,6d,1,9,100110010

44,61,1,9,100110011

ffff83ec08,ffff83ec04,5,9,100110100

8b45f8,020000,3,9,100110101

8b,c9,1,9,100110110

c6,73,1,9,100110111

f4,25,1,9,100111000

da,5f,1,9,100111001

dc,66,1,9,100111010

4d,49,1,9,100111011

90,18,1,9,100111100

f7,fc,1,9,100111101

6e,fe,1,9,100111110

24,45,1,9,100111111

64,79,1,9,101000000

f0,75,1,9,101000001

66,14,1,9,101000010

3d,69,1,9,101000011

69,f4,1,9,101000100

ec,0f,1,9,101000101

ffffffffff,00000000c7,5,8,10100011

00000000410e088502420d0502,00000000410e088502420d0502,13,8,10100100

feff,6174,2,8,10100101

0c00,c745,2,8,10100110

000000000000000000,00410e088502420d05,9,8,10100111

c1e00c,668945,3,8,10101000

ffff83ec04,0000000000,5,8,10101001

8a45,6365,2,8,10101010

8b450c,0100e8,3,8,10101011

c9c2,8954,2,8,10101100

8945,feff,2,8,10101101

000083ec,89442404,4,8,10101110

84c0,6976,2,8,10101111

c70424,c70424,3,8,10110000

61,64,1,8,10110001

28,ff,1,8,10110010

f8,d0,1,8,10110011

75,6f,1,8,10110100

c745,8945,2,8,10110101

5d,e0,1,8,10110110

72,80,1,8,10110111

89442404,000000e8,4,8,10111000

50,ec,1,8,10111001

30,34,1,8,10111010

e9,c2,1,8,10111011

8b45f4,8b45fc,3,8,10111100

c2,28,1,8,10111101

c7,b8,1,8,10111110

18,c3,1,8,10111111

73,4d,1,8,11000000

00000000410e088502420d05,00000000410e088502420d05,12,8,11000001

29,f7,1,8,11000010

00,29,1,8,11000011

53,c1,1,8,11000100

25,05,1,8,11000101

83,07,1,8,11000110

41,c7,1,8,11000111

e0,74,1,8,11001000

0f,c0,1,8,11001001

8b450c89,890424e8,4,8,11001010

0800,0800,2,8,11001011

8a,eb,1,8,11001100

89,8b,1,8,11001101

d0,65,1,8,11001110

c1,89,1,8,11001111

1c000000,c7442404,4,8,11010000

74,c6,1,8,11010001

c3,8a,1,8,11010010

000000000000000000000000000000,000000000000000000000000000000,15,8,11010011

8d,04,1,8,11010100

05,f8,1,8,11010101

ffffff,8b4508,3,8,11010110

14,00,1,8,11010111

837d,8d45,2,8,11011000

03,83,1,8,11011001

890424e8,89442408,4,8,11011010

8b45,837d,2,8,11011011

80,40,1,8,11011100

c50c040400,c50c040400,5,8,11011101

65,41,1,8,11011110

85,88,1,8,11011111

40,8d,1,8,11100000

01d0,8b55,2,8,11100001

04,68,1,8,11100010

c0,30,1,8,11100011

eb,e9,1,8,11100100

8b45fc,8b450c,3,8,11100101

88,20,1,8,11100110

02,0c,1,8,11100111

b8,08,1,8,11101000

8b55,8b45,2,8,11101001

010000,ffffff,3,8,11101010

01,02,1,8,11101011

ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff,ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff,15,8,11101100

10,85,1,8,11101101

01000000,1c000000,4,7,1110111

08,03,1,7,1111000

0c,01,1,7,1111001

20,10,1,7,1111010

8b4508,010000,3,7,1111011

0000,ffff,2,7,1111100

ffff,0000,2,7,1111101

000000,000000,3,7,1111110

00000000,00000000,4,7,1111111

CSME Version 12.x Table
-----------------------

0000000000000000,0000000100000002,8,17,00000000000000000

00e8d7,008b5d,3,17,00000000000000001

00e81e,8b5508,3,16,0000000000000001

00e8fa,000062,3,16,0000000000000010

00e83f,090066,3,16,0000000000000011

070003,ff750c,3,16,0000000000000100

000081,feff8b,3,16,0000000000000101

00e83c,070002,3,16,0000000000000110

0700f6,ffff31,3,16,0000000000000111

89e553,000057,3,16,0000000000001000

00e8e0,ffff66,3,16,0000000000001001

00e83d,fbff83,3,16,0000000000001010

00e8c8,ffffeb,3,16,0000000000001011

00e8d1,ffff53,3,16,0000000000001100

00000040,0000001a,4,16,0000000000001101

ffffff23,00000010,4,16,0000000000001110

0000005d,00000030,4,16,0000000000001111

00e899,66660a,3,16,0000000000010000

00e859,66660d,3,16,0000000000010001

00e81d,0fb684,3,16,0000000000010010

00e82b,8d45b0,3,16,0000000000010011

feffff89,ffffff5a,4,16,0000000000010100

070053,0000c1,3,16,0000000000010101

00e87c,000056,3,16,0000000000010110

00e832,6a0050,3,16,0000000000010111

89e55d,0089e5,3,16,0000000000011000

00e80e,00000f,3,16,0000000000011001

6a00e8,0fb75d,3,16,0000000000011010

00e83a,ffff6a,3,16,0000000000011011

00e8d4,8945ec,3,16,0000000000011100

00e83e,8b4514,3,16,0000000000011101

00e8c2,0fb643,3,16,0000000000011110

00e848,66bbbb,3,16,0000000000011111

00e8a2,000f85,3,16,0000000000100000

00e803,0a006a,3,16,0000000000100001

ffff0f,0fb745,3,16,0000000000100010

00e8a0,ffff68,3,16,0000000000100011

07008a,0000a1,3,16,0000000000100100

006a01,000874,3,16,0000000000100101

0068ac,89e58b,3,16,0000000000100110

00e826,fdff50,3,16,0000000000100111

070080,fdff5a,3,16,0000000000101000

00e82a,000010,3,16,0000000000101001

5072,e8dd,2,15,000000000010101

85f8,c404,2,15,000000000010110

0085,8560,2,15,000000000010111

e910,00f4,2,15,000000000011000

00c1,f89b,2,15,000000000011001

0102,b820,2,15,000000000011010

00a4,08c4,2,15,000000000011011

30e8,ff56,2,15,000000000011100

0073,4009,2,15,000000000011101

c1e2,8810,2,15,000000000011110

8584,2400,2,15,000000000011111

2f74,0038,2,15,000000000100000

1085,5ac9,2,15,000000000100001

c06a,e8fc,2,15,000000000100010

75ac,6676,2,15,000000000100011

000a,5974,2,15,000000000100100

001c,e835,2,15,000000000100101

e904,682f,2,15,000000000100110

0589,00b0,2,15,000000000100111

759c,e8d9,2,15,000000000101000

453d,003c,2,15,000000000101001

ec10,00a0,2,15,000000000101010

ff3b,b81a,2,15,000000000101011

00d3,0343,2,15,000000000101100

7263,e060,2,15,000000000101101

6809,24e8,2,15,000000000101110

0153,7269,2,15,000000000101111

e901,e8c3,2,15,000000000110000

0406,4584,2,15,000000000110001

2010,8078,2,15,000000000110010

743d,05a0,2,15,000000000110011

7594,85a0,2,15,000000000110100

ec0c,016a,2,15,000000000110101

00b9,d089,2,15,000000000110110

683c,c603,2,15,000000000110111

68b8,ffe9,2,15,000000000111000

e98d,1011,2,15,000000000111001

c00f,00ad,2,15,000000000111010

8524,bf05,2,15,000000000111011

8508,09c1,2,15,000000000111100

0266,00b2,2,15,000000000111101

6805,e868,2,15,000000000111110

75c0,2122,2,15,000000000111111

75a0,0201,2,15,000000001000000

0303,7432,2,15,000000001000001

0580,e81c,2,15,000000001000010

6853,0076,2,15,000000001000011

684e,0058,2,15,000000001000100

0c0f,894c,2,15,000000001000101

8514,8b14,2,15,000000001000110

851f,20ff,2,15,000000001000111

8520,45f2,2,15,000000001001000

7532,ff83,2,15,000000001001001

0033,00c1,2,15,000000001001010

6819,5052,2,15,000000001001011

058b,0520,2,15,000000001001100

686c,f7d1,2,15,000000001001101

0304,6e74,2,15,000000001001110

8540,0104,2,15,000000001001111

eb28,8d48,2,15,000000001010000

7598,e8a3,2,15,000000001010001

ffc1,e9b3,2,15,000000001010010

7463,5600,2,15,000000001010011

ffffffc1,85c07407,4,15,000000001010100

e9a1,048d,2,15,000000001010101

7450,04eb,2,15,000000001010110

000075,000066,3,15,000000001010111

ffb8,0059,2,15,000000001011000

008b55,000200,3,15,000000001011001

007405,ffff59,3,15,000000001011010

0485,833c,2,15,000000001011011

752e,e837,2,15,000000001011100

6806,8390,2,15,000000001011101

070089,0000ff,3,15,000000001011110

ffff01,050000,3,15,000000001011111

00e8ac,222222,3,15,000000001100000

7527,8b0c,2,15,000000001100001

5589e553,66666666,4,15,000000001100010

eb2b,e836,2,15,000000001100011

eb24,c05b,2,15,000000001100100

68ec,01c1,2,15,000000001100101

ffffff31,ffffff00,4,15,000000001100110

680a,e851,2,15,000000001100111

ffffff03,ffffffeb,4,15,000000001101000

8518,6832,2,15,000000001101001

851c,e843,2,15,000000001101010

8580,800f,2,15,000000001101011

000b,e439,2,15,000000001101100

7d7d,eb1b,2,15,000000001101101

070083,09006b,3,15,000000001101110

50e8d7,0a0000,3,15,000000001101111

50e881,000068,3,15,000000001110000

c35589e553,2222222222,5,15,000000001110001

50e87a,0fb640,3,15,000000001110010

50e80b,000040,3,15,000000001110011

ffffa1,8b45ec,3,15,000000001110100

000040,000889,3,15,000000001110101

0050e8,000075,3,15,000000001110110

0700c7,8945e4,3,15,000000001110111

07008b,8945e8,3,15,000000001111000

070050,6666bb,3,15,000000001111001

fdff8b,fcff50,3,15,000000001111010

070001,0000c9,3,15,000000001111011

ffff85,ffffc7,3,15,000000001111100

ffff50,0000eb,3,15,000000001111101

6a0050,006a01,3,15,000000001111110

894508,0000e8,3,15,000000001111111

7536,68a0,2,14,00000001000000

eb2c,742d,2,14,00000001000001

6879,5656,2,14,00000001000010

7564,0048,2,14,00000001000011

ec14,8423,2,14,00000001000100

2068,7400,2,14,00000001000101

ff52,68b0,2,14,00000001000110

0ceb,6828,2,14,00000001000111

8901,8d42,2,14,00000001001000

68d8,3305,2,14,00000001001001

e868,5831,2,14,00000001001010

852c,744c,2,14,00000001001011

6844,0468,2,14,00000001001100

005e,2073,2,14,00000001001101

005d,7665,2,14,00000001001110

8500,81c2,2,14,00000001001111

4580,e821,2,14,00000001010000

0026,e8e9,2,14,00000001010001

4584,001c,2,14,00000001010010

68e4,eb08,2,14,00000001010011

8588,2053,2,14,00000001010100

0012,0f41,2,14,00000001010101

6884,0377,2,14,00000001010110

eb29,ec8b,2,14,00000001010111

003d,e894,2,14,00000001011000

752c,00bb,2,14,00000001011001

ff85,7578,2,14,00000001011010

0305,84db,2,14,00000001011011

00bd,0cc4,2,14,00000001011100

eb25,e8ef,2,14,00000001011101

8401,ff5f,2,14,00000001011110

00db,0031,2,14,00000001011111

6814,5c62,2,14,00000001100000

01ff,c1c2,2,14,00000001100001

7279,e82b,2,14,00000001100010

100f,0078,2,14,00000001100011

8528,01eb,2,14,00000001100100

00f6,c1f8,2,14,00000001100101

7df0,c078,2,14,00000001100110

1877,055c,2,14,00000001100111

456c,0280,2,14,00000001101000

85d8,8958,2,14,00000001101001

206e,6880,2,14,00000001101010

68ac,39f3,2,14,00000001101011

7de8,ff57,2,14,00000001101100

451c,4598,2,14,00000001101101

0006,e87d,2,14,00000001101110

7537,1066,2,14,00000001101111

002c,75b4,2,14,00000001110000

008a,885d,2,14,00000001110001

c424,050f,2,14,00000001110010

6850,f03b,2,14,00000001110011

68e0,8902,2,14,00000001110100

0028,e8e8,2,14,00000001110101

7529,7503,2,14,00000001110110

687c,02f5,2,14,00000001110111

689c,5886,2,14,00000001111000

001d,eb14,2,14,00000001111001

8048,e80e,2,14,00000001111010

8544,6816,2,14,00000001111011

0c83,07c0,2,14,00000001111100

e845,e8d8,2,14,00000001111101

6821,0168,2,14,00000001111110

ece8,04cd,2,14,00000001111111

00cf,c358,2,14,00000010000000

680c,890d,2,14,00000010000001

6818,00c9,2,14,00000010000010

8b52,04c0,2,14,00000010000011

858c,e8f3,2,14,00000010000100

6878,08ff,2,14,00000010000101

eb1f,e80a,2,14,00000010000110

68cc,0380,2,14,00000010000111

6854,09d9,2,14,00000010001000

00bf,55ba,2,14,00000010001001

e875,45ee,2,14,00000010001010

003a,0130,2,14,00000010001011

75b0,01d9,2,14,00000010001100

ec08,5aeb,2,14,00000010001101

eb2a,fff2,2,14,00000010001110

e874,c08d,2,14,00000010001111

68f4,0024,2,14,00000010010000

e8e5,eb22,2,14,00000010010001

0078,e87e,2,14,00000010010010

00a3,e8d1,2,14,00000010010011

0166,833b,2,14,00000010010100

85e4,89b5,2,14,00000010010101

080f,8548,2,14,00000010010110

e884,75f4,2,14,00000010010111

6831,8906,2,14,00000010011000

2008,0007,2,14,00000010011001

eb26,eb15,2,14,00000010011010

e864,8570,2,14,00000010011011

206a,04ff,2,14,00000010011100

00d5,e844,2,14,00000010011101

0077,e8c9,2,14,00000010011110

7528,e82e,2,14,00000010011111

45eb,e862,2,14,00000010100000

c1e0,eb1f,2,14,00000010100001

4590,0049,2,14,00000010100010

006d,e88f,2,14,00000010100011

0168,752b,2,14,00000010100100

eb21,8a43,2,14,00000010100101

0062,e8bd,2,14,00000010100110

0042,3c3f,2,14,00000010100111

0588,7478,2,14,00000010101000

2075,08c1,2,14,00000010101001

7523,899d,2,14,00000010101010

6830,e8ca,2,14,00000010101011

0032,66d1,2,14,00000010101100

eb36,e8e0,2,14,00000010101101

7433,856c,2,14,00000010101110

007e,e8f9,2,14,00000010101111

e885,0440,2,14,00000010110000

4518,e815,2,14,00000010110001

8594,744b,2,14,00000010110010

2043,83be,2,14,00000010110011

ff80,e828,2,14,00000010110100

eb20,0044,2,14,00000010110101

00df,8394,2,14,00000010110110

ff05,c204,2,14,00000010110111

4520,01c3,2,14,00000010111000

6864,080f,2,14,00000010111001

eb22,e875,2,14,00000010111010

1083,68cc,2,14,00000010111011

68d0,e8b1,2,14,00000010111100

853c,6817,2,14,00000010111101

6890,e8eb,2,14,00000010111110

4588,7dec,2,14,00000010111111

8554,e8d2,2,14,00000011000000

6828,855c,2,14,00000011000001

e8ec,e840,2,14,00000011000010

751f,0388,2,14,00000011000011

7526,0f0b,2,14,00000011000100

68a8,45d7,2,14,00000011000101

7441,7527,2,14,00000011000110

e8e0,10c4,2,14,00000011000111

7521,e885,2,14,00000011001000

0014,eb21,2,14,00000011001001

8b10,7519,2,14,00000011001010

0874,e8da,2,14,00000011001011

68bc,4de8,2,14,00000011001100

e87d,e891,2,14,00000011001101

20ff,e8e4,2,14,00000011001110

c1e8,e859,2,14,00000011001111

0013,e58b,2,14,00000011010000

00000002,ffffff0f,4,14,00000011010001

6840,e80d,2,14,00000011010010

0501,e870,2,14,00000011010011

0431,0081,2,14,00000011010100

01e8,e881,2,14,00000011010101

7525,837a,2,14,00000011010110

002e,e8ac,2,14,00000011010111

8598,75c4,2,14,00000011011000

e86c,6848,2,14,00000011011001

e8e4,e820,2,14,00000011011010

8568,4324,2,14,00000011011011

800d,e83e,2,14,00000011011100

85e0,837f,2,14,00000011011101

eb23,0431,2,14,00000011011110

00ba,4302,2,14,00000011011111

e863,01ff,2,14,00000011100000

8b02,4588,2,14,00000011100001

8558,e8b9,2,14,00000011100010

e820,c018,2,14,00000011100011

8530,e8c4,2,14,00000011100100

018d,83ba,2,14,00000011100101

eb27,45c0,2,14,00000011100110

e8e9,6809,2,14,00000011100111

752d,e842,2,14,00000011101000

7566,680b,2,14,00000011101001

7427,6803,2,14,00000011101010

7522,e83a,2,14,00000011101011

85d0,03b0,2,14,00000011101100

0029,680a,2,14,00000011101101

6834,1083,2,14,00000011101110

e8c8,68e8,2,14,00000011101111

e873,085d,2,14,00000011110000

0cff,00a3,2,14,00000011110001

68d4,000e,2,14,00000011110010

0009,e86c,2,14,00000011110011

0039,e888,2,14,00000011110100

0061,6893,2,14,00000011110101

e8b8,01d7,2,14,00000011110110

751d,68f4,2,14,00000011110111

85c8,e83c,2,14,00000011111000

ffff75,45088b,3,14,00000011111001

31c08d,0a00e8,3,14,00000011111010

85e8,0051,2,14,00000011111011

0183,e8ec,2,14,00000011111100

0883,75d8,2,14,00000011111101

0016,751e,2,14,00000011111110

859c,e80b,2,14,00000011111111

68dc,0345,2,14,00000100000000

685c,45a0,2,14,00000100000001

7436,040f,2,14,00000100000010

e824,742a,2,14,00000100000011

e840,e877,2,14,00000100000100

0051,e886,2,14,00000100000101

6888,6818,2,14,00000100000110

85a0,500f,2,14,00000100000111

85ac,6820,2,14,00000100001000

e865,6830,2,14,00000100001001

7430,e852,2,14,00000100001010

006b,5750,2,14,00000100001011

e877,8b73,2,14,00000100001100

6801,6834,2,14,00000100001101

eb1c,4444,2,14,00000100001110

004c,4361,2,14,00000100001111

e921,e83f,2,14,00000100010000

6808,020f,2,14,00000100010001

680f,742f,2,14,00000100010010

7524,e8d7,2,14,00000100010011

7300,89d3,2,14,00000100010100

8b73,6807,2,14,00000100010101

ffd0,0860,2,14,00000100010110

e8b6,f6c1,2,14,00000100010111

0060,6814,2,14,00000100011000

8550,005a,2,14,00000100011001

000c,f7d8,2,14,00000100011010

e872,0868,2,14,00000100011011

8b35,e8d4,2,14,00000100011100

e861,01f8,2,14,00000100011101

05ec,68fc,2,14,00000100011110

7473,e8a4,2,14,00000100011111

e8db,4305,2,14,00000100100000

e8c0,0c80,2,14,00000100100001

e858,4075,2,14,00000100100010

7443,10c7,2,14,00000100100011

e8f0,e8f5,2,14,00000100100100

6869,e88a,2,14,00000100100101

7421,80e2,2,14,00000100100110

c08d,0088,2,14,00000100100111

85b0,e001,2,14,00000100101000

e80b,e8ce,2,14,00000100101001

01000083,01000083,4,14,00000100101010

75b4,680d,2,14,00000100101011

742f,0c83,2,14,00000100101100

e83d,4518,2,14,00000100101101

0022,e895,2,14,00000100101110

75bc,6824,2,14,00000100101111

e8d0,e876,2,14,00000100110000

0468,e855,2,14,00000100110001

ff81,2063,2,14,00000100110010

85c4,00f6,2,14,00000100110011

e841,684c,2,14,00000100110100

eb18,e854,2,14,00000100110101

0046,83bd,2,14,00000100110110

10e8,e813,2,14,00000100110111

8907,e84b,2,14,00000100111000

85f0,e880,2,14,00000100111001

6870,45ac,2,14,00000100111010

d0d0,81fb,2,14,00000100111011

85ec,e846,2,14,00000100111100

6838,6805,2,14,00000100111101

2004,6888,2,14,00000100111110

eb2f,0220,2,14,00000100111111

e82e,8398,2,14,00000101000000

8405,4000,2,14,00000101000001

742c,55b8,2,14,00000101000010

5510,6566,2,14,00000101000011

e888,2075,2,14,00000101000100

e815,e8d0,2,14,00000101000101

e870,8d30,2,14,00000101000110

5885,5004,2,14,00000101000111

f07c,e831,2,14,00000101001000

68c0,0355,2,14,00000101001001

458c,75e8,2,14,00000101001010

e8a0,04f5,2,14,00000101001011

e880,e830,2,14,00000101001100

0000000f,00000085,4,14,00000101001101

200c,e824,2,14,00000101001110

10ff,400c,2,14,00000101001111

8953,e82c,2,14,00000101010000

4de8,7423,2,14,00000101010001

7444,2007,2,14,00000101010010

75d0,31da,2,14,00000101010011

e8d8,00c3,2,14,00000101010100

85bc,75cc,2,14,00000101010101

eb1d,75c8,2,14,00000101010110

5389,e823,2,14,00000101010111

8b04,e8c5,2,14,00000101011000

e8f6,8bb3,2,14,00000101011001

ff03,e85a,2,14,00000101011010

4000,01cf,2,14,00000101011011

005b,7422,2,14,00000101011100

c000,7524,2,14,00000101011101

040f,8007,2,14,00000101011110

8578,6639,2,14,00000101011111

0103,83c1,2,14,00000101100000

00c8,eb18,2,14,00000101100001

85f4,00f8,2,14,00000101100010

e881,5389,2,14,00000101100011

8975,0420,2,14,00000101100100

742a,7515,2,14,00000101100101

e869,000a,2,14,00000101100110

8590,0077,2,14,00000101100111

0098,d88b,2,14,00000101101000

05fe,6825,2,14,00000101101001

e828,e8a8,2,14,00000101101010

7535,0cc1,2,14,00000101101011

e8b5,e89c,2,14,00000101101100

6860,e88c,2,14,00000101101101

0c66,6815,2,14,00000101101110

e814,c1ee,2,14,00000101101111

e81c,0f86,2,14,00000101110000

e85a,894b,2,14,00000101110001

e83e,008a,2,14,00000101110010

68fc,6e64,2,14,00000101110011

7426,2089,2,14,00000101110100

e833,e8ea,2,14,00000101110101

e8d2,e8f0,2,14,00000101110110

8538,68c0,2,14,00000101110111

e8c6,4004,2,14,00000101111000

e854,ff76,2,14,00000101111001

e85c,83a0,2,14,00000101111010

e80d,e8c0,2,14,00000101111011

6858,8946,2,14,00000101111100

856c,eb11,2,14,00000101111101

6e20,0cff,2,14,00000101111110

68c8,0f83,2,14,00000101111111

108d,8953,2,14,00000110000000

7403,0fc0,2,14,00000110000001

053c,e82a,2,14,00000110000010

751e,eb16,2,14,00000110000011

68ff,663d,2,14,00000110000100

681c,e8b2,2,14,00000110000101

c05b,e8ad,2,14,00000110000110

e8eb,018d,2,14,00000110000111

8574,01da,2,14,00000110001000

55d8,8b58,2,14,00000110001001

4598,e9d3,2,14,00000110001010

7423,6574,2,14,00000110001011

c079,01d8,2,14,00000110001100

741f,45a4,2,14,00000110001101

e8c3,ff8d,2,14,00000110001110

0550,00e0,2,14,00000110001111

752b,7448,2,14,00000110010000

8910,c41c,2,14,00000110010001

7429,e822,2,14,00000110010010

c05a,c6cc,2,14,00000110010011

0079,0495,2,14,00000110010100

e830,f031,2,14,00000110010101

6a20,6858,2,14,00000110010110

c643,8a5d,2,14,00000110010111

68df,752d,2,14,00000110011000

85a4,1485,2,14,00000110011001

e818,7472,2,14,00000110011010

0383,6bc0,2,14,00000110011011

2069,e848,2,14,00000110011100

e8f7,7573,2,14,00000110011101

e849,00f1,2,14,00000110011110

e862,01e8,2,14,00000110011111

6874,8983,2,14,00000110100000

e80f,e8b6,2,14,00000110100001

459c,752a,2,14,00000110100010

855c,e818,2,14,00000110100011

0c85,45b0,2,14,00000110100100

020f,c08b,2,14,00000110100101

7515,0c40,2,14,00000110100110

e8dc,e82d,2,14,00000110100111

b816,e8dc,2,14,00000110101000

6868,c05d,2,14,00000110101001

ffffe8,6b66bb,3,14,00000110101010

feffff83,00000074,4,14,00000110101011

e81e,80bb,2,14,00000110101100

e878,e87f,2,14,00000110101101

e85f,d08b,2,14,00000110101110

003b,751f,2,14,00000110101111

7519,8b90,2,14,00000110110000

e807,0424,2,14,00000110110001

e832,c0e9,2,14,00000110110010

85cc,10e8,2,14,00000110110011

004b,eb12,2,14,00000110110100

0875,5885,2,14,00000110110101

e859,0070,2,14,00000110110110

e851,681c,2,14,00000110110111

e8fa,00fe,2,14,00000110111000

e846,89d6,2,14,00000110111001

e8e2,686f,2,14,00000110111010

08ff,c000,2,14,00000110111011

684c,0208,2,14,00000110111100

14ff,4310,2,14,00000110111101

75cc,7523,2,14,00000110111110

e8f2,e8e3,2,14,00000110111111

7520,e805,2,14,00000111000000

7432,e860,2,14,00000111000001

6804,884d,2,14,00000111000010

751a,e861,2,14,00000111000011

eb1b,e887,2,14,00000111000100

e8cc,e8c2,2,14,00000111000101

01eb,0305,2,14,00000111000110

fdff83,008945,3,14,00000111000111

8564,ff81,2,14,00000111001000

e8c9,891d,2,14,00000111001001

e8c2,ff01,2,14,00000111001010

e85e,55a1,2,14,00000111001011

6848,1020,2,14,00000111001100

6368,01ce,2,14,00000111001101

0054,8950,2,14,00000111001110

e848,c001,2,14,00000111001111

e8c7,03b8,2,14,00000111010000

8548,1800,2,14,00000111010001

83c1,e834,2,14,00000111010010

4de0,b60b,2,14,00000111010011

e8b0,0583,2,14,00000111010100

e809,6808,2,14,00000111010101

e8be,e884,2,14,00000111010110

004d,108d,2,14,00000111010111

e83a,4d0c,2,14,00000111011000

00000031,23070000,4,14,00000111011001

7470,7529,2,14,00000111011010

0058,e8df,2,14,00000111011011

eb14,01f2,2,14,00000111011100

6881,e874,2,14,00000111011101

000002,090001,3,14,00000111011110

eb19,e808,2,14,00000111011111

0088,0150,2,14,00000111100000

e8b4,8b44,2,14,00000111100001

e84c,5365,2,14,00000111100010

e86f,6810,2,14,00000111100011

e847,14c5,2,14,00000111100100

4d0c,e8a9,2,14,00000111100101

75a4,04c5,2,14,00000111100110

ffffff83,00000008,4,14,00000111100111

ff88,8b02,2,14,00000111101000

0000a1,89e553,3,14,00000111101001

55b9,b645,2,14,00000111101010

c685,6898,2,14,00000111101011

0000f6,ff35c4,3,14,00000111101100

00000f,c9c355,3,14,00000111101101

00008945,230700e8,4,14,00000111101110

00000085,5589e556,4,14,00000111101111

fcff83,83ec10,3,14,00000111110000

00008a,006a02,3,14,00000111110001

ffff00,000001,3,14,00000111110010

0000c6,ffff8d,3,14,00000111110011

ffff31,89e557,3,14,00000111110100

5dc355,fdff8b,3,14,00000111110101

85b8,744d,2,14,00000111110110

7569,0405,2,14,00000111110111

fcff8d,666666,3,14,00000111111000

000080,8b45f0,3,14,00000111111001

ffff66,0900e8,3,14,00000111111010

3500ff,020082,3,14,00000111111011

350083,fdff83,3,14,00000111111100

ffffc7,09008b,3,14,00000111111101

0700e8,0fb7c0,3,14,00000111111110

070068,080008,3,14,00000111111111

1485,e814,2,14,00001000000000

0ce8,c0e8,2,14,00001000000001

6666666666666666,6666666666666666,8,13,0000100000001

0059,e856,2,13,0000100000010

e894,7428,2,13,0000100000011

f801,20c3,2,13,0000100000100

85dc,e8b4,2,13,0000100000101

e8c1,e897,2,13,0000100000110

85d4,7433,2,13,0000100000111

0065,7453,2,13,0000100001000

0375,5072,2,13,0000100001001

e82c,52e8,2,13,0000100001010

751b,e89f,2,13,0000100001011

2070,e8fb,2,13,0000100001100

ffc6,8081,2,13,0000100001101

0508,e857,2,13,0000100001110

038b,4318,2,13,0000100001111

0076,0c0f,2,13,0000100010000

75c4,8002,2,13,0000100010001

45f3,e8b0,2,13,0000100010010

eb15,c083,2,13,0000100010011

e838,39c2,2,13,0000100010100

e9ff,7d10,2,13,0000100010101

0108,e833,2,13,0000100010110

8b7b,1068,2,13,0000100010111

83b8,8b98,2,13,0000100011000

45a0,e8f2,2,13,0000100011001

e80e,e817,2,13,0000100011010

7424,e8ee,2,13,0000100011011

e80c,e8fd,2,13,0000100011100

e87a,5250,2,13,0000100011101

85a8,e863,2,13,0000100011110

e8f9,c1cf,2,13,0000100011111

e853,e84f,2,13,0000100100000

e85b,683c,2,13,0000100100001

e806,0101,2,13,0000100100010

208b,e81f,2,13,0000100100011

85b4,eb10,2,13,0000100100100

0040,68ff,2,13,0000100100101

e8f5,8b83,2,13,0000100100110

e879,00e9,2,13,0000100100111

7431,751d,2,13,0000100101000

05be,6a18,2,13,0000100101001

e8d6,01f0,2,13,0000100101010

83ea,e879,2,13,0000100101011

83c7,839c,2,13,0000100101100

8906,e8e1,2,13,0000100101101

106a,e87b,2,13,0000100101110

e8fb,c089,2,13,0000100101111

e84e,e801,2,13,0000100110000

e808,0383,2,13,0000100110001

0063,e841,2,13,0000100110010

c075,6603,2,13,0000100110011

e8e8,e86d,2,13,0000100110100

00be,89fe,2,13,0000100110101

e86b,8b35,2,13,0000100110110

004f,e8a6,2,13,0000100110111

eb1a,c1ca,2,13,0000100111000

8902,68a8,2,13,0000100111001

8b13,0cf0,2,13,0000100111010

2028,e8e6,2,13,0000100111011

83e8,0980,2,13,0000100111100

eb17,c8ff,2,13,0000100111101

e88e,e85b,2,13,0000100111110

e895,eb1c,2,13,0000100111111

696f,e866,2,13,0000101000000

04e8,e86e,2,13,0000101000001

eb0f,75d0,2,13,0000101000010

e886,8a4d,2,13,0000101000011

e831,55d4,2,13,0000101000100

8570,e80f,2,13,0000101000101

55f8,e8f6,2,13,0000101000110

4594,e88e,2,13,0000101000111

0031,45bc,2,13,0000101001000

741c,31d1,2,13,0000101001001

e866,e8ab,2,13,0000101001010

ff01,049d,2,13,0000101001011

7425,e81d,2,13,0000101001100

75d8,e847,2,13,0000101001101

45a8,c1eb,2,13,0000101001110

00e2,c201,2,13,0000101001111

e856,0d31,2,13,0000101010000

8b56,0c4c,2,13,0000101010001

e8d9,2074,2,13,0000101010010

e000,e858,2,13,0000101010011

e82d,eb19,2,13,0000101010100

e898,e873,2,13,0000101010101

e842,c1ce,2,13,0000101010110

e825,e839,2,13,0000101010111

e876,0731,2,13,0000101011000

e829,05f8,2,13,0000101011001

ec8b,e871,2,13,0000101011010

e8ba,ffeb,2,13,0000101011011

046a,e81b,2,13,0000101011100

e8e7,e864,2,13,0000101011101

eb1e,6869,2,13,0000101011110

8d53,e85f,2,13,0000101011111

83be,e89d,2,13,0000101100000

e8f4,8b52,2,13,0000101100001

e804,8808,2,13,0000101100010

e83f,e8db,2,13,0000101100011

ec89,0347,2,13,0000101100100

0005,742e,2,13,0000101100101

7435,8d93,2,13,0000101100110

0081,5351,2,13,0000101100111

e8af,e8af,2,13,0000101101000

e8bb,eb1e,2,13,0000101101001

018b,046a,2,13,0000101101010

e8ac,31d9,2,13,0000101101011

e811,0018,2,13,0000101101100

e08b,e8a1,2,13,0000101101101

e82a,c050,2,13,0000101101110

0483,e8fe,2,13,0000101101111

ff31,0180,2,13,0000101110000

756d,0480,2,13,0000101110001

e8d4,01d6,2,13,0000101110010

e8b3,682c,2,13,0000101110011

8903,741f,2,13,0000101110100

0025,0183,2,13,0000101110101

01c7,0408,2,13,0000101110110

e8bd,7454,2,13,0000101110111

45ac,0a31,2,13,0000101111000

e8f3,7df0,2,13,0000101111001

75d4,04dd,2,13,0000101111010

e81d,741c,2,13,0000101111011

0389,8b41,2,13,0000101111100

00000075,ffffff8d,4,13,0000101111101

0888,e8f7,2,13,0000101111110

854c,566a,2,13,0000101111111

7408,6bb6,2,13,0000110000000

7504,0363,2,13,0000110000001

e836,c075,2,13,0000110000010

05e8,8b13,2,13,0000110000011

e896,66bb,2,13,0000110000100

7505,6806,2,13,0000110000101

e80a,e84d,2,13,0000110000110

e819,08c7,2,13,0000110000111

01c3,6854,2,13,0000110001000

e8f1,eb04,2,13,0000110001001

89d3,8b7b,2,13,0000110001010

ffe9,e896,2,13,0000110001011

68b4,e8c8,2,13,0000110001100

e8d3,01f3,2,13,0000110001101

e88a,e8c1,2,13,0000110001110

746d,89cf,2,13,0000110001111

050c,e8e7,2,13,0000110010000

0866,e811,2,13,0000110010001

e812,6a40,2,13,0000110010010

e8d1,e8fa,2,13,0000110010011

e87f,5089,2,13,0000110010100

0c50,8530,2,13,0000110010101

75c8,e8b5,2,13,0000110010110

e8ca,e819,2,13,0000110010111

7dec,8a45,2,13,0000110011000

7418,e89a,2,13,0000110011001

e8a4,e81e,2,13,0000110011010

e821,e807,2,13,0000110011011

1001,0850,2,13,0000110011100

8534,e8b3,2,13,0000110011101

89f9,85ac,2,13,0000110011110

086a,7417,2,13,0000110011111

e84f,741b,2,13,0000110100000

2076,e8be,2,13,0000110100001

e83b,0043,2,13,0000110100010

1066,0485,2,13,0000110100011

e882,0009,2,13,0000110100100

eb08,83e8,2,13,0000110100101

e8a8,7410,2,13,0000110100110

001e,eb09,2,13,0000110100111

02e8,7504,2,13,0000110101000

00000003,000000ff,4,13,0000110101001

6894,0874,2,13,0000110101010

e810,208b,2,13,0000110101011

83ff,0c03,2,13,0000110101100

e839,680c,2,13,0000110101101

e8d7,7274,2,13,0000110101110

e899,6853,2,13,0000110101111

e8fc,e8a7,2,13,0000110110000

6820,4d03,2,13,0000110110001

756c,1111,2,13,0000110110010

e827,4372,2,13,0000110110011

742e,c008,2,13,0000110110100

45a4,e804,2,13,0000110110101

741e,6801,2,13,0000110110110

7513,f000,2,13,0000110110111

e892,8b93,2,13,0000110111000

00c9,c1c6,2,13,0000110111001

e8a5,8915,2,13,0000110111010

84c9,83c6,2,13,0000110111011

45ea,837e,2,13,0000110111100

048d,e80c,2,13,0000110111101

2089,e812,2,13,0000110111110

45b8,004d,2,13,0000110111111

8000,148d,2,13,0000111000000

e852,e829,2,13,0000111000001

e8cf,7419,2,13,0000111000010

e89d,e8c7,2,13,0000111000011

68b0,740f,2,13,0000111000100

e8b9,e8ed,2,13,0000111000101

e89c,e8cb,2,13,0000111000110

e801,e867,2,13,0000111000111

6835,31cf,2,13,0000111001000

e82b,8b56,2,13,0000111001001

e89b,e8bc,2,13,0000111001010

e88d,741e,2,13,0000111001011

e8e3,8b48,2,13,0000111001100

e8df,e8aa,2,13,0000111001101

7517,e83d,2,13,0000111001110

4514,08c0,2,13,0000111001111

eb10,01d3,2,13,0000111010000

8a07,e8b8,2,13,0000111010001

5dc35589,ffffff83,4,13,0000111010010

e81a,68c8,2,13,0000111010011

e805,c0eb,2,13,0000111010100

741d,0c01,2,13,0000111010101

c0eb,e88d,2,13,0000111010110

ffb0,4514,2,13,0000111010111

e86a,45a8,2,13,0000111011000

e84b,45ef,2,13,0000111011001

e81f,e8cf,2,13,0000111011010

e823,68d8,2,13,0000111011011

b801,7d8c,2,13,0000111011100

431c,05b4,2,13,0000111011101

c089,2057,2,13,0000111011110

e8ae,01ca,2,13,0000111011111

e893,5353,2,13,0000111100000

7453,e827,2,13,0000111100001

e87c,e89e,2,13,0000111100010

e8bf,000c,2,13,0000111100011

e8cb,bb6b,2,13,0000111100100

0018,e883,2,13,0000111100101

7410,e882,2,13,0000111100110

e891,55e8,2,13,0000111100111

8950,654d,2,13,0000111101000

004e,89f3,2,13,0000111101001

e8a6,ec0a,2,13,0000111101010

e8b1,04f6,2,13,0000111101011

682c,c0c9,2,13,0000111101100

e890,09d0,2,13,0000111101101

6810,6802,2,13,0000111101110

0c6a,6563,2,13,0000111101111

4318,e8bb,2,13,0000111110000

e8e1,e8d6,2,13,0000111110001

85fc,5d0c,2,13,0000111110010

4361,05f4,2,13,0000111110011

e89f,e88b,2,13,0000111110100

0c02,8b86,2,13,0000111110101

7422,89c8,2,13,0000111110110

030f,8b07,2,13,0000111110111

eb11,e810,2,13,0000111111000

e871,89fb,2,13,0000111111001

7414,81fa,2,13,0000111111010

04ff,e890,2,13,0000111111011

2074,e84e,2,13,0000111111100

741a,ff00,2,13,0000111111101

e8de,6860,2,13,0000111111110

0048,e00f,2,13,0000111111111

e84a,0c50,2,13,0001000000000

ff8a,e8a5,2,13,0001000000001

0176,c00c,2,13,0001000000010

0019,751a,2,13,0001000000011

55e0,6625,2,13,0001000000100

7417,84d2,2,13,0001000000101

e88c,e816,2,13,0001000000110

e89a,0501,2,13,0001000000111

e857,08e8,2,13,0001000001000

7415,1c24,2,13,0001000001001

e8c5,4314,2,13,0001000001010

010f,89d7,2,13,0001000001011

00000053,0000008a,4,13,0001000001100

00000056,0000000f,4,13,0001000001101

55e8,50a1,2,13,0001000001110

e8aa,e8d3,2,13,0001000001111

ff83,750b,2,13,0001000010000

eb0d,562d,2,13,0001000010001

e8b2,203f,2,13,0001000010010

8803,83ff,2,13,0001000010011

68a0,0ce8,2,13,0001000010100

e817,c20f,2,13,0001000010101

7416,ffe0,2,13,0001000010110

2049,31f7,2,13,0001000010111

55d4,01cb,2,13,0001000011000

0c8d,750f,2,13,0001000011001

e8a7,89d9,2,13,0001000011010

7572,203a,2,13,0001000011011

4dec,8538,2,13,0001000011100

e8ed,5350,2,13,0001000011101

e87e,4dec,2,13,0001000011110

7511,204d,2,13,0001000011111

e8a2,751c,2,13,0001000100000

89d6,e85c,2,13,0001000100001

eb04,31df,2,13,0001000100010

000000c6,00000075,4,13,0001000100011

75e8,0809,2,13,0001000100100

56ff,85a4,2,13,0001000100101

83c40c85,ffffff01,4,13,0001000100110

eb09,4505,2,13,0001000100111

2061,e87a,2,13,0001000101000

ffe8,ff03,2,13,0001000101001

c008,7415,2,13,0001000101010

e883,eb13,2,13,0001000101011

7516,741a,2,13,0001000101100

e897,80f9,2,13,0001000101101

0c01,8886,2,13,0001000101110

1050,e850,2,13,0001000101111

7419,83a4,2,13,0001000110000

8560,ff59,2,13,0001000110001

83c6,2008,2,13,0001000110010

436f,0083,2,13,0001000110011

686f,e8f1,2,13,0001000110100

5de9,751b,2,13,0001000110101

e8cd,bbb6,2,13,0001000110110

e8ad,45b4,2,13,0001000110111

0150,e81a,2,13,0001000111000

003c,c414,2,13,0001000111001

756e,0883,2,13,0001000111010

ffa1,e826,2,13,0001000111011

01c1,010f,2,13,0001000111100

83e6,e86a,2,13,0001000111101

2025,c1e3,2,13,0001000111110

8b48,686c,2,13,0001000111111

898d,6576,2,13,0001001000000

68c4,e802,2,13,0001001000001

c08b,31d7,2,13,0001001000010

8078,8947,2,13,0001001000011

ff56,4d08,2,13,0001001000100

ff5f,8b4a,2,13,0001001000101

8843,55e4,2,13,0001001000110

80fb,7404,2,13,0001001000111

e88f,0039,2,13,0001001001000

89d1,735c,2,13,0001001001001

89d7,0176,2,13,0001001001010

e8d5,2050,2,13,0001001001011

05bb,6561,2,13,0001001001100

7d10,8d0c,2,13,0001001001101

0188,0289,2,13,0001001001110

eb12,0475,2,13,0001001001111

751c,83c3,2,13,0001001010000

8b93,ffb3,2,13,0001001010001

0055,e892,2,13,0001001010010

8b9d,00c6,2,13,0001001010011

006f,1400,2,13,0001001010100

4de4,8942,2,13,0001001010101

8983,0cc0,2,13,0001001010110

0f00,0003,2,13,0001001010111

eb16,6863,2,13,0001001011000

000000f6,23070001,4,13,0001001011001

5356,7424,2,13,0001001011010

e8fe,086a,2,13,0001001011011

4df0,c00f,2,13,0001001011100

e802,e8ae,2,13,0001001011101

75dc,c1cb,2,13,0001001011110

eb03,1001,2,13,0001001011111

eb0b,b66b,2,13,0001001100000

89f1,0f00,2,13,0001001100001

75e0,e021,2,13,0001001100010

000000a1,000000c1,4,13,0001001100011

8b87,e89b,2,13,0001001100100

8dbd,ff8b,2,13,0001001100101

7274,e8ff,2,13,0001001100110

857c,e806,2,13,0001001100111

007f,0006,2,13,0001001101000

45c0,0177,2,13,0001001101001

eb13,0041,2,13,0001001101010

4310,c1e1,2,13,0001001101011

ff34,b8ea,2,13,0001001101100

eb0c,eb03,2,13,0001001101101

8b00,83e7,2,13,0001001101110

7404,7429,2,13,0001001101111

e8fd,0005,2,13,0001001110000

f031,6804,2,13,0001001110001

8d75,e8d5,2,13,0001001110010

0850,8975,2,13,0001001110011

0535,8b04,2,13,0001001110100

454e,430c,2,13,0001001110101

5089,0385,2,13,0001001110110

89fa,7414,2,13,0001001110111

741b,c1c9,2,13,0001001111000

8b07,6e6e,2,13,0001001111001

66666666666666,66666666666666,7,13,0001001111010

ff5e,7506,2,13,0001001111011

833b,741d,2,13,0001001111100

55dc,07b8,2,13,0001001111101

45b4,7418,2,13,0001001111110

00a1,01d1,2,13,0001001111111

0289,89df,2,13,0001010000000

7261,038d,2,13,0001010000001

6880,d1f8,2,13,0001010000010

6898,89f9,2,13,0001010000011

002f,80fa,2,13,0001010000100

4314,e893,2,13,0001010000101

2073,8d4d,2,13,0001010000110

00dd,0030,2,13,0001010000111

5985,01fa,2,13,0001010001000

8b1d,756e,2,13,0001010001001

7565,0801,2,13,0001010001010

010000e8,5b5e5f5d,4,13,0001010001011

550c,e800,2,13,0001010001100

08e8,45c4,2,13,0001010001101

0474,8b42,2,13,0001010001110

45ef,0866,2,13,0001010001111

7466,ec00,2,13,0001010010000

0100000002,0100000002,5,13,0001010010001

7320,7516,2,13,0001010010010

7412,eb0d,2,13,0001010010011

eb0a,ff74,2,13,0001010010100

7402,6844,2,13,0001010010101

c074,c700,2,13,0001010010110

7562,106a,2,13,0001010010111

0475,e8cd,2,13,0001010011000

6aff,5383,2,13,0001010011001

2020,2207,2,13,0001010011010

5383,f08b,2,13,0001010011011

e8a1,eb0b,2,13,0001010011100

ffffff89,000000e8,4,13,0001010011101

6666666666666666666666,6666666666666666666666,11,13,0001010011110

8d47,7565,2,13,0001010011111

0000008a,22222222,4,13,0001010100000

0021,75dc,2,13,0001010100001

8db5,7517,2,13,0001010100010

740f,0f80,2,13,0001010100011

f45b,45c8,2,13,0001010100100

3d00,8b47,2,13,0001010100101

456e,7416,2,13,0001010100110

55b8,0483,2,13,0001010100111

75f0,0189,2,13,0001010101000

7512,0474,2,13,0001010101001

688c,0c66,2,13,0001010101010

8b80,044c,2,13,0001010101011

203d,2031,2,13,0001010101100

742d,4d61,2,13,0001010101101

666666666666666666666666,666666666666666666666666,12,13,0001010101110

05ba,0cc7,2,13,0001010101111

89c8,31ca,2,13,0001010110000

ff66,750d,2,13,0001010110001

750f,1121,2,13,0001010110010

8946,b6bb,2,13,0001010110011

016a,6681,2,13,0001010110100

00000000000000000000000000,00000000000000000000000000,13,13,0001010110101

3000,45d0,2,13,0001010110110

c078,0c6a,2,13,0001010110111

55f4,404c,2,13,0001010111000

83e3,83e6,2,13,0001010111001

45bc,eb0c,2,13,0001010111010

8947,7512,2,13,0001010111011

6861,83ca,2,13,0001010111100

8d9d,45fc,2,13,0001010111101

0301,8d50,2,13,0001010111110

837f,750e,2,13,0001010111111

897d,1889,2,13,0001011000000

0403,3029,2,13,0001011000001

80bb,0275,2,13,0001011000010

0091,89f1,2,13,0001011000011

e001,8d85,2,13,0001011000100

5508,10ff,2,13,0001011000101

0000000000000000000000,0000000000000000000000,11,13,0001011000110

6420,0019,2,13,0001011000111

45b0,8378,2,13,0001011001000

4354,8000,2,13,0001011001001

6802,7513,2,13,0001011001010

e800,0702,2,13,0001011001011

8d50,8b53,2,13,0001011001100

8855,8008,2,13,0001011001101

0804,c074,2,13,0001011001110

ff77,088d,2,13,0001011001111

c0e8,4405,2,13,0001011010000

d88b,80fb,2,13,0001011010001

750e,508b,2,13,0001011010010

0001000000,0001000000,5,13,0001011010011

ff57,7518,2,13,0001011010100

0015,0f87,2,13,0001011010101

0cc7,01c7,2,13,0001011010110

8b42,1050,2,13,0001011010111

01c6,0502,2,13,0001011011000

00000000000000000000,00000000000000000000,10,13,0001011011001

ec00,ec0c,2,13,0001011011010

6a14,8b00,2,13,0001011011011

ff5b,8481,2,13,0001011011100

7518,f801,2,13,0001011011101

450c,eb0e,2,13,0001011011110

6832,89d1,2,13,0001011011111

01d0,6838,2,13,0001011100000

eb0e,6894,2,13,0001011100001

8b06,6b66,2,13,0001011100010

7411,1000,2,13,0001011100011

84db,0052,2,13,0001011100100

008b45,00006a,3,13,0001011100101

6846,7408,2,13,0001011100110

45ee,eb0a,2,13,0001011100111

75e4,038b,2,13,0001011101000

636f,c640,2,13,0001011101001

8b50,8d46,2,13,0001011101010

2050,0402,2,13,0001011101011

fcffff,000100,3,13,0001011101100

68a4,7511,2,13,0001011101101

e889,048b,2,13,0001011101110

c050,f40f,2,13,0001011101111

7070,45cc,2,13,0001011110000

837a,89fa,2,13,0001011110001

750d,0401,2,13,0001011110010

53ff,00c0,2,13,0001011110011

0045,7570,2,13,0001011110100

506f,8903,2,13,0001011110101

7506,85a8,2,13,0001011110110

000056,0083c4,3,13,0001011110111

07006a,66bb66,3,13,0001011111000

0000e9,090000,3,13,0001011111001

6666666666,6666666666,5,13,0001011111010

000001,00008d,3,13,0001011111011

040000,b66b66,3,13,0001011111100

000053,000052,3,13,0001011111101

000004,bb6666,3,13,0001011111110

000066,0000c7,3,13,0001011111111

fbffff,feff83,3,13,0001100000000

008945,0f0008,3,13,0001100000001

0000eb,000053,3,13,0001100000010

000031,fdff58,3,13,0001100000011

000068,090089,3,13,0001100000100

070000,31c08d,3,13,0001100000101

0000ff,6a0053,3,13,0001100000110

35006a,ffff89,3,13,0001100000111

ffff68,ff83c4,3,13,0001100001000

000058,894508,3,13,0001100001001

0000e8,000058,3,13,0001100001010

350068,66b66b,3,13,0001100001011

ffffe9,85c00f,3,13,0001100001100

00005a,5c5c57,3,13,0001100001101

89e557,000800,3,13,0001100001110

fdffff,100000,3,13,0001100001111

000074,030000,3,13,0001100010000

ffff6a,000059,3,13,0001100010001

8945f4,5c5c77,3,13,0001100010010

666666666666,666666666666,6,13,0001100010011

ffc9,0949,2,12,000110001010

00000074,00000053,4,12,000110001011

2053,45d8,2,12,000110001100

666666666666666666,666666666666666666,9,12,000110001101

0274,7413,2,12,000110001110

08c7,0057,2,12,000110001111

00000001000000,00000001000000,7,12,000110010000

0004,0274,2,12,000110010001

10c7,81e2,2,12,000110010010

0044,89e0,2,12,000110010011

89c1,6a05,2,12,000110010100

00000004,ff83c410,4,12,000110010101

0066,05a4,2,12,000110010110

8b4b,4008,2,12,000110010111

05b8,8843,2,12,000110011000

ff53,220b,2,12,000110011001

8d04,740d,2,12,000110011010

ffeb,00ef,2,12,000110011011

45c4,349c,2,12,000110011100

84d2,8845,2,12,000110011101

740c,ff58,2,12,000110011110

01000089,00000004,4,12,000110011111

5368,7403,2,12,000110100000

000000b8,feffff8b,4,12,000110100001

8b86,75f0,2,12,000110100010

e803,2222,2,12,000110100011

4d61,01c6,2,12,000110100100

8d44,c605,2,12,000110100101

ff76,eb07,2,12,000110100110

e850,8b4b,2,12,000110100111

8945f0,ffff8b,3,12,000110101000

ffffeb,c30500,3,12,000110101001

4004,eb06,2,12,000110101010

0008,188b,2,12,000110101011

0047,2030,2,12,000110101100

5589e557,00000050,4,12,000110101101

7d08,6aff,2,12,000110101110

7479,89f7,2,12,000110101111

8338,897d,2,12,000110110000

8b0d,7514,2,12,000110110001

000000ff,00000066,4,12,000110110010

7d0c,7d08,2,12,000110110011

750b,0450,2,12,000110110100

ec50,45f3,2,12,000110110101

75ec,e889,2,12,000110110110

088d,0375,2,12,000110110111

eb06,53ff,2,12,000110111000

6974,89c1,2,12,000110111001

0450,eb02,2,12,000110111010

80f9,ec10,2,12,000110111011

83c2,588b,2,12,000110111100

00000066,00000080,4,12,000110111101

7406,8b50,2,12,000110111110

2030,7406,2,12,000110111111

538b,0c8d,2,12,000111000000

6500,5368,2,12,000111000001

7574,f45b,2,12,000111000010

4510,5356,2,12,000111000011

8d46,f8ff,2,12,000111000100

7369,c1e8,2,12,000111000101

740d,ff15,2,12,000111000110

536a,2220,2,12,000111000111

6824,8b0d,2,12,000111001000

5374,6661,2,12,000111001001

8b8d,05b8,2,12,000111001010

ffffff8d,ffffff23,4,12,000111001011

0801,1489,2,12,000111001100

7409,ff5a,2,12,000111001101

6465,f833,2,12,000111001110

7509,8b80,2,12,000111001111

0043,0421,2,12,000111010000

55ec,0817,2,12,000111010001

52e8,8943,2,12,000111010010

740e,8d55,2,12,000111010011

45c8,4510,2,12,000111010100

7c07,6a03,2,12,000111010101

c700,0602,2,12,000111010110

00e9,8bb5,2,12,000111010111

6669,616e,2,12,000111011000

6e65,7505,2,12,000111011001

0177,6e44,2,12,000111011010

b89e,7463,2,12,000111011011

ff74,75e4,2,12,000111011100

7573,89bd,2,12,000111011101

55e4,5510,2,12,000111011110

740b,68e4,2,12,000111011111

6a08,807b,2,12,000111100000

7472,330d,2,12,000111100001

45d0,01de,2,12,000111100010

b885,4308,2,12,000111100011

895d,8b06,2,12,000111100100

8b45ec,8945f0,3,12,000111100101

0275,8d75,2,12,000111100110

837e,002f,2,12,000111100111

807b,0066,2,12,000111101000

eb02,7507,2,12,000111101001

0189,c1ea,2,12,000111101010

740a,8d47,2,12,000111101011

750a,8d44,2,12,000111101100

45cc,1c4c,2,12,000111101101

00000050,00000040,4,12,000111101110

89da,8b40,2,12,000111101111

5e5f,0040,2,12,000111110000

7464,0350,2,12,000111110001

80bd,726f,2,12,000111110010

0101,148b,2,12,000111110011

6d65,8b46,2,12,000111110100

5057,e557,2,12,000111110101

430c,0faf,2,12,000111110110

7065,0ca1,2,12,000111110111

45fc,7468,2,12,000111111000

0401,8d3c,2,12,000111111001

c9c3,7409,2,12,000111111010

5650,6e65,2,12,000111111011

00c6,750a,2,12,000111111100

0174,0010,2,12,000111111101

ffff59,00005a,3,12,000111111110

7061,740c,2,12,000111111111

e88b,7509,2,12,001000000000

508b,0174,2,12,001000000001

ff33,6109,2,12,001000000010

89f2,5508,2,12,001000000011

fbff,6e63,2,12,001000000100

ebff,0f95,2,12,001000000101

45d4,ff90,2,12,001000000110

350089,ffff83,3,12,001000000111

8d95,7412,2,12,001000001000

5365,0119,2,12,001000001001

00000068,5589e553,4,12,001000001010

1889,31ff,2,12,001000001011

ffc7,536a,2,12,001000001100

00000080,ffffff89,4,12,001000001101

3032,7411,2,12,001000001110

ff0f,8d34,2,12,001000001111

745f,8bbd,2,12,001000010000

7365,5f6d,2,12,001000010001

7514,c355,2,12,001000010010

6683,e553,2,12,001000010011

83bb,740e,2,12,001000010100

0080,4900,2,12,001000010101

ff00,4646,2,12,001000010110

7073,83e3,2,12,001000010111

3d22,8d83,2,12,001000011000

00000083,00000002,4,12,001000011001

7400,00eb,2,12,001000011010

83f9,c104,2,12,001000011011

8942,01fe,2,12,001000011100

703a,008d,2,12,001000011101

206c,0840,2,12,001000011110

048b,45d4,2,12,001000011111

0119,0378,2,12,001000100000

0ca1,696e,2,12,001000100001

2041,8d7d,2,12,001000100010

00000000c7,00000000c7,5,12,001000100011

8b15,ff89,2,12,001000100100

8b83,3333,2,12,001000100101

feffff50,00000083,4,12,001000100110

7461,01f9,2,12,001000100111

1400,55ec,2,12,001000101000

746f,8b1d,2,12,001000101001

0010,746f,2,12,001000101010

eb07,40f5,2,12,001000101011

7468,a1f4,2,12,001000101100

8845,550c,2,12,001000101101

7269,7461,2,12,001000101110

ffffff50,fdff83c4,4,12,001000101111

7413,2028,2,12,001000110000

e8ff,01fb,2,12,001000110001

7570,83b8,2,12,001000110010

ffb3,3022,2,12,001000110011

feffff00,000000e9,4,12,001000110100

6365,83fe,2,12,001000110101

1489,0089,2,12,001000110110

c783,01c8,2,12,001000110111

ffffffffff,c35589e557,5,12,001000111000

1000,0e00,2,12,001000111001

1800,75ec,2,12,001000111010

8d83,2870,2,12,001000111011

feffff8b,5dc35589,4,12,001000111100

ff30,7d0c,2,12,001000111101

8d43,436f,2,12,001000111110

008d,0002,2,12,001000111111

8943,5dc3,2,12,001001000000

c420,8d86,2,12,001001000001

0030,0489,2,12,001001000010

616e,2070,2,12,001001000011

ff68,6a08,2,12,001001000100

0052,ec08,2,12,001001000101

5350,0880,2,12,001001000110

733d,31c9,2,12,001001000111

83e1,ff33,2,12,001001001000

0100008d,ffffffff,4,12,001001001001

4308,0780,2,12,001001001010

83fe,284c,2,12,001001001011

f6ff,ffb5,2,12,001001001100

8b53,b816,2,12,001001001101

000059,006a00,3,12,001001001110

83c3,740a,2,12,001001001111

ecff,8b85,2,12,001001010000

8378,89f2,2,12,001001010001

000050,fdff8d,3,12,001001010010

45d8,83c2,2,12,001001010011

000089,00008b,3,12,001001010100

5056,5057,2,12,001001010101

668b,6861,2,12,001001010110

00000001,ffffff03,4,12,001001010111

0083,bb66,2,12,001001011000

35008b,0fb6c0,3,12,001001011001

0056,4df0,2,12,001001011010

0002,45e0,2,12,001001011011

c418,45e8,2,12,001001011100

c355,7510,2,12,001001011101

0489,c1c8,2,12,001001011110

0175,6666,2,12,001001011111

ffffff00,000000c7,4,12,001001100000

6a06,8d04,2,12,001001100001

8b47,6a2c,2,12,001001100010

8b45f0,6a02e8,3,12,001001100011

0000006a,ff83c40c,4,12,001001100100

0000c7,111111,3,12,001001100101

8d4d,89ca,2,12,001001100110

6e61,5e5f,2,12,001001100111

6a1f,0c10,2,12,001001101000

005a,08c9,2,12,001001101001

0708,6520,2,12,001001101010

148b,5056,2,12,001001101011

8985,00c7,2,12,001001101100

7420,c059,2,12,001001101101

8d7d,5a85,2,12,001001101110

4508,5068,2,12,001001101111

45f4,740b,2,12,001001110000

8b03,6a20,2,12,001001110001

0fb705,ffff58,3,12,001001110010

ffff8d,31c08b,3,12,001001110011

ffff89,8b4510,3,12,001001110100

000000000000,000000000000,6,12,001001110101

ffff58,7f7f7f,3,12,001001110110

350050,0050e8,3,12,001001110111

00008d,000050,3,12,001001111000

00006a,000083,3,12,001001111001

906690669066906690669066906690,906690669066906690669066906690,15,11,00100111101

669066906690669066906690669066,669066906690669066906690669066,15,11,00100111110

c35589e553,c35589e553,5,11,00100111111

5b5e5f5dc3,5b5e5f5dc3,5,11,00101000000

fdff83c40c,fdff83c40c,5,11,00101000001

0000000000,0000000000,5,11,00101000010

66666666666666666666666666,66666666666666666666666666,13,11,00101000011

45dc,6a0c,2,11,00101000100

6865,c1c3,2,11,00101000101

0a00,0056,2,11,00101000110

8995,0004,2,11,00101000111

c740,83f9,2,11,00101001000

f0ff,c405,2,11,00101001001

80fa,0175,2,11,00101001010

0007,450c,2,11,00101001011

6c69,203d,2,11,00101001100

7407,895d,2,11,00101001101

ffffff8b,00000089,4,11,00101001110

89f8,6606,2,11,00101001111

6800,4508,2,11,00101010000

4d5f,89da,2,11,00101010001

00000020,0000006a,4,11,00101010010

8d55,2066,2,11,00101010011

0057,8b8d,2,11,00101010100

8b85,b8a5,2,11,00101010101

ff70,00f0,2,11,00101010110

4d54,5f74,2,11,00101010111

7507,0c00,2,11,00101011000

4349,4d4f,2,11,00101011001

c785,85c9,2,11,00101011010

723e,7365,2,11,00101011011

656c,ff73,2,11,00101011100

0f95,538b,2,11,00101011101

4304,5053,2,11,00101011110

83fb,4605,2,11,00101011111

a7,ab,1,11,00101100000

f8ff,e803,2,11,00101100001

ff50,83bb,2,11,00101100010

8b40,7420,2,11,00101100011

726f,7407,2,11,00101100100

55f0,bbbb,2,11,00101100101

5d08,45dc,2,11,00101100110

a5,a7,1,11,00101100111

5a85,6f63,2,11,00101101000

0049,3315,2,11,00101101001

45e0,554c,2,11,00101101010

750c,0820,2,11,00101101011

8d5d,108b,2,11,00101101100

45f8,c1e2,2,11,00101101101

000000e8,02000000,4,11,00101101110

6963,2000,2,11,00101101111

85c9,6322,2,11,00101110000

eb05,1849,2,11,00101110001

837b,c643,2,11,00101110010

0100008b,ffff83c4,4,11,00101110011

643e,57e8,2,11,00101110100

83c8,7372,2,11,00101110101

6f6d,803d,2,11,00101110110

6170,5756,2,11,00101110111

0889,6683,2,11,00101111000

9b,ae,1,11,00101111001

5756,45e4,2,11,00101111010

c059,8d43,2,11,00101111011

7276,1089,2,11,00101111100

45e8,6472,2,11,00101111101

cd,9e,1,11,00101111110

0089,c1c1,2,11,00101111111

5554,55f0,2,11,00110000000

89d0,08a1,2,11,00110000001

65f8,ff50,2,11,00110000010

00c7,83fb,2,11,00110000011

9a,a6,1,11,00110000100

6174,5f64,2,11,00110000101

b1,9a,1,11,00110000110

108b,89f8,2,11,00110000111

0c89,14e0,2,11,00110001000

5053,837b,2,11,00110001001

ad,cd,1,11,00110001010

0f87,31f6,2,11,00110001011

5068,6f73,2,11,00110001100

00000089,00000068,4,11,00110001101

1089,65f4,2,11,00110001110

99,9f,1,11,00110001111

7510,50ff,2,11,00110010000

6d61,0050,2,11,00110010001

2063,0075,2,11,00110010010

000083,000074,3,11,00110010011

0c00,008b,2,11,00110010100

c5,a9,1,11,00110010101

7508,0053,2,11,00110010110

8b46,ff6a,2,11,00110010111

6163,ff0f,2,11,00110011000

7372,807d,2,11,00110011001

ffff83,6a016a,3,11,00110011010

92,97,1,11,00110011011

ff6a,6c69,2,11,00110011100

83e2,0889,2,11,00110011101

45e4,8b43,2,11,00110011110

000000e9,00000001,4,11,00110011111

803d,5d08,2,11,00110100000

2022,c420,2,11,00110100001

ab,b2,1,11,00110100010

84c0,85ff,2,11,00110100011

0500,8b15,2,11,00110100100

9f,d5,1,11,00110100101

50ff,01d0,2,11,00110100110

aa,b7,1,11,00110100111

d5,ed,1,11,00110101000

8b95,8b9d,2,11,00110101001

5dfc,10f5,2,11,00110101010

ae,92,1,11,00110101011

02000000,ffffff31,4,11,00110101100

ff59,c783,2,11,00110101101

ffff8b,410900,3,11,00110101110

8d65,0020,2,11,00110101111

83bd,0080,2,11,00110110000

0900,0700,2,11,00110110001

31f6,83c8,2,11,00110110010

585a,0fbf,2,11,00110110011

ff73,7373,2,11,00110110100

350001,ffff5a,3,11,00110110101

97,b3,1,11,00110110110

85ff,c645,2,11,00110110111

3315,5f5f,2,11,00110111000

6520,45f8,2,11,00110111001

a9,b1,1,11,00110111010

6574,8d5d,2,11,00110111011

00eb,eb05,2,11,00110111100

0041,5dfc,2,11,00110111101

833d,83e1,2,11,00110111110

91,93,1,11,00110111111

6573,31db,2,11,00111000000

008b,000f,2,11,00111000001

6e67,894d,2,11,00111000010

08a1,84c0,2,11,00111000011

006a00,6a0068,3,11,00111000100

c645,89c2,2,11,00111000101

45ec,66c7,2,11,00111000110

7363,45f4,2,11,00111000111

89c7,00ff,2,11,00111001000

696c,6c65,2,11,00111001001

00008b,040000,3,11,00111001010

c605,c418,2,11,00111001011

6a10,6a06,2,11,00111001100

7373,c740,2,11,00111001101

616d,6a04,2,11,00111001110

0000008d,0000008d,4,11,00111001111

a2,9b,1,11,00111010000

83fa,0800,2,11,00111010001

83c4,0008,2,11,00111010010

000f,6578,2,11,00111010011

27,c5,1,11,00111010100

6a04,0068,2,11,00111010101

ff750c,620500,3,11,00111010110

00e8,7465,2,11,00111010111

b6,7a,1,11,00111011000

89e5,6669,2,11,00111011001

656e,3030,2,11,00111011010

a6,af,1,11,00111011011

6a0068,230700,3,11,00111011100

0c8b,7265,2,11,00111011101

fd,71,1,11,00111011110

89f0,750c,2,11,00111011111

dd,a5,1,11,00111100000

ffff5a,020080,3,11,00111100001

7374,5f5d,2,11,00111100010

8e,b6,1,11,00111100011

7265,7276,2,11,00111100100

1818,f7ff,2,11,00111100101

3600e8,8b450c,3,11,00111100110

c743,e00a,2,11,00111100111

2066,0c89,2,11,00111101000

af,27,1,11,00111101001

807d,a10c,2,11,00111101010

89c2,0001,2,11,00111101011

0f94,6a10,2,11,00111101100

ff58,45ec,2,11,00111101101

8d85,c743,2,11,00111101110

ff7508,000089,3,11,00111101111

8b450c,5dc355,3,11,00111110000

000000000000000000,000000000000000000,9,11,00111110001

6173,89c7,2,10,0011111001

93,a2,1,10,0011111010

00ff,85f6,2,10,0011111011

006a,83c0,2,10,0011111100

0600,89f0,2,10,0011111101

ffffffff,10000089,4,10,0011111110

b2,7b,1,10,0011111111

2000,8985,2,10,0100000000

696e,0f94,2,10,0100000001

57e8,83e2,2,10,0100000010

89c6,c1e0,2,10,0100000011

000000eb,000000eb,4,10,0100000100

000000c7,5589e557,4,10,0100000101

b7,8f,1,10,0100000110

31db,c9c3,2,10,0100000111

2a,e7,1,10,0100001000

6e74,4304,2,10,0100001001

ff89,506a,2,10,0100001010

0200,89d0,2,10,0100001011

894d,006a,2,10,0100001100

8f,b9,1,10,0100001101

6564,6564,2,10,0100001110

d9,ad,1,10,0100001111

506a,8d65,2,10,0100010000

cb,e1,1,10,0100010001

83c0,7574,2,10,0100010010

0050,05e8,2,10,0100010011

7a,62,1,10,0100010100

31c08b,000080,3,10,0100010101

7465,6976,2,10,0100010110

0003,7508,2,10,0100010111

3c2f,2e2e,2,10,0100011000

0020,6800,2,10,0100011001

e3,dd,1,10,0100011010

d7,b5,1,10,0100011011

6c65,585a,2,10,0100011100

df,86,1,10,0100011101

0075,00e8,2,10,0100011110

9d,d7,1,10,0100011111

350000,5589e5,3,10,0100100000

088b,668b,2,10,0100100001

00000021,0000008b,4,10,0100100010

96,96,1,10,0100100011

ce,26,1,10,0100100100

5dc3,8b03,2,10,0100100101

e1,de,1,10,0100100110

23,2b,1,10,0100100111

66c7,508d,2,10,0100101000

85d2,0600,2,10,0100101001

db,e3,1,10,0100101010

100000,ff7508,3,10,0100101011

3f,91,1,10,0100101100

cf,fd,1,10,0100101101

6a02,83fa,2,10,0100101110

7474,833d,2,10,0100101111

ff5a,696c,2,10,0100110000

71,2a,1,10,0100110001

b9,aa,1,10,0100110010

656d,574c,2,10,0100110011

e5,ce,1,10,0100110100

d6,7f,1,10,0100110101

0053,414e,2,10,0100110110

da,99,1,10,0100110111

7b,1d,1,10,0100111000

bd,8e,1,10,0100111001

0000008b,c9c35589,4,10,0100111010

6f72,56e8,2,10,0100111011

d1,d9,1,10,0100111100

b5,bd,1,10,0100111101

83e0,85d2,2,10,0100111110

6689,8b95,2,10,0100111111

6a006a,83c414,3,10,0101000000

87,3e,1,10,0101000001

c705,0c8b,2,10,0101000010

ff35,6a02,2,10,0101000011

56e8,0100,2,10,0101000100

0001,89d8,2,10,0101000101

d3,2f,1,10,0101000110

85f6,0074,2,10,0101000111

19,cf,1,10,0101001000

5c,cb,1,10,0101001001

ffb5,7469,2,10,0101001010

2b,e6,1,10,0101001011

a3,1f,1,10,0101001100

9c,7e,1,10,0101001101

9e,df,1,10,0101001110

0083c4,6a006a,3,10,0101001111

ca,1a,1,10,0101010000

ed,bf,1,10,0101010001

4b,87,1,10,0101010010

8b43,6f6e,2,10,0101010011

26,f5,1,10,0101010100

17,37,1,10,0101010101

feff,65f8,2,10,0101010110

5e,82,1,10,0101010111

8b75,85db,2,10,0101011000

de,e2,1,10,0101011001

83c414,fdffff,3,10,0101011010

4a,36,1,10,0101011011

508d,5de9,2,10,0101011100

d2,1e,1,10,0101011101

89d8,31d2,2,10,0101011110

1d,5e,1,10,0101011111

1a,9d,1,10,0101100000

10000089,ffffff8b,4,10,0101100001

ac,4a,1,10,0101100010

8b7d,8955,2,10,0101100011

e7,94,1,10,0101100100

0000000000,0c10000089,5,10,0101100101

8c,db,1,10,0101100110

31d2,f033,2,10,0101100111

37,4f,1,10,0101101000

0300,89e5,2,10,0101101001

95,f3,1,10,0101101010

5b,12,1,10,0101101011

a4,7d,1,10,0101101100

7e,d6,1,10,0101101101

f1,4b,1,10,0101101110

8955,6c61,2,10,0101101111

36,3f,1,10,0101110000

b3,be,1,10,0101110001

7c,da,1,10,0101110010

5589e5,565383,3,10,0101110011

35,f1,1,10,0101110100

94,32,1,10,0101110101

ea,2d,1,10,0101110110

98,ef,1,10,0101110111

1b,d4,1,10,0101111000

a10c,088b,2,10,0101111001

8b4508,020000,3,10,0101111010

bf,13,1,10,0101111011

e6,17,1,10,0101111100

89c3,4c00,2,10,0101111101

21,3a,1,10,0101111110

ff83c40c,ffffffc1,4,10,0101111111

2100,2022,2,10,0110000000

f5,a3,1,10,0110000001

e2,e5,1,10,0110000010

85db,89c6,2,10,0110000011

0100,83e0,2,10,0110000100

5dc35589e557,5dc35589e557,6,10,0110000101

0700,2c20,2,10,0110000110

3500e8,5b5e5f,3,10,0110000111

bb,23,1,9,011000100

ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff,ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff,15,9,011000101

32,d2,1,9,011000110

4f,35,1,9,011000111

7d,19,1,9,011001000

d4,bb,1,9,011001001

ff8b,83ec,2,9,011001010

86,b4,1,9,011001011

7469,c705,2,9,011001100

f3,ca,1,9,011001101

fe,bc,1,9,011001110

11,ee,1,9,011001111

0074,fcc9,2,9,011010000

13,f2,1,9,011010001

49,95,1,9,011010010

a0,ea,1,9,011010011

3a,11,1,9,011010100

12,79,1,9,011010101

2d,f9,1,9,011010110

47,d1,1,9,011010111

0068,8d45,2,9,011011000

90,67,1,9,011011001

b4,49,1,9,011011010

be,a8,1,9,011011011

ee,fe,1,9,011011100

bc,60,1,9,011011101

cc,85,1,9,011011110

c35589e5,c35589e5,4,9,011011111

7f,98,1,9,011100000

83f8,89c3,2,9,011100001

55,00,1,9,011100010

f2,c4,1,9,011100011

6572,83c4,2,9,011100100

c4,9c,1,9,011100101

a8,25,1,9,011100110

ef,d3,1,9,011100111

1e,a0,1,9,011101000

6f6e,0900,2,9,011101001

a1,fb,1,9,011101010

f033,6689,2,9,011101011

3e,47,1,9,011101100

79,8c,1,9,011101101

4e,2e,1,9,011101110

60,fa,1,9,011101111

0800,8b75,2,9,011110000

0400,ff35,2,9,011110001

83c410,8b4508,3,9,011110010

c3,4e,1,9,011110011

6d,c9,1,9,011110100

82,5d,1,9,011110101

6e,ba,1,9,011110110

c2,5b,1,9,011110111

33,cc,1,9,011111000

85c0,837d,2,9,011111001

16,ac,1,9,011111010

4c,5c,1,9,011111011

f9,22,1,9,011111100

45f0,0400,2,9,011111101

ba,dc,1,9,011111110

1c00,7405,2,9,011111111

29,a4,1,9,100000000

25,fc,1,9,100000001

030000,0b00e8,3,9,100000010

b0,3b,1,9,100000011

51,7c,1,9,100000100

0e,4d,1,9,100000101

fc,41,1,9,100000110

837d,83f8,2,9,100000111

0c10000089,5dc35589e5,5,9,100001000

53e8,45f0,2,9,100001001

84,4c,1,9,100001010

dc,f6,1,9,100001011

76,0e,1,9,100001100

fcff,8b7d,2,9,100001101

62,2c,1,9,100001110

67,51,1,9,100001111

42,c8,1,9,100010000

5d,42,1,9,100010001

0fb7,0f84,2,9,100010010

0b,b0,1,9,100010011

01000000,0c100000,4,9,100010100

4d,15,1,9,100010101

3b,33,1,9,100010110

5c5c,0f85,2,9,100010111

34,55,1,9,100011000

6a01,6572,2,9,100011001

fa,0b,1,9,100011010

8945,0b00,2,9,100011011

c8,c3,1,9,100011100

54,16,1,9,100011101

85c00f,8b5d08,3,9,100011110

0808,0300,2,9,100011111

6b,f4,1,9,100100000

85,6f,1,9,100100001

ff83c4,8d65f4,3,9,100100010

45,0a,1,9,100100011

65f4,c745,2,9,100100100

c35589e557,ffffffffff,5,9,100100101

72,e4,1,9,100100110

fb,84,1,9,100100111

5a,3d,1,9,100101000

ff8d,6a01,2,9,100101001

83ec,5b5e,2,9,100101010

d8,1b,1,9,100101011

78,6b,1,9,100101100

59,54,1,9,100101101

38,c2,1,9,100101110

46,76,1,9,100101111

5f,90,1,9,100110000

41,3c,1,9,100110001

8b5d,8b4d,2,9,100110010

f0,65,1,9,100110011

8b4d,0a00,2,9,100110100

0f85,53e8,2,9,100110101

f4,e8,1,9,100110110

6f,78,1,9,100110111

85c075,85c074,3,9,100111000

48,34,1,9,100111001

c745,85c0,2,9,100111010

22,e0,1,9,100111011

0f,45,1,9,100111100

65,d8,1,9,100111101

ec,75,1,9,100111110

44,0d,1,9,100111111

f8,48,1,9,101000000

2c,77,1,9,101000001

5f5d,0200,2,9,101000010

83,72,1,9,101000011

e4,ff,1,9,101000100

3d,61,1,9,101000101

0e0e,fbff,2,9,101000110

75,5f,1,9,101000111

c7,43,1,9,101001000

7405,50e8,2,9,101001001

7f7f,0500,2,9,101001010

0c100000,01000000,4,9,101001011

89,21,1,9,101001100

83c40c,83c410,3,9,101001101

43,f8,1,9,101001110

8b,c6,1,9,101001111

ff75,8945,2,9,101010000

c9,38,1,9,101010001

6a,f7,1,9,101010010

e0,83,1,9,101010011

8d45,ff75,2,9,101010100

15,c1,1,9,101010101

61,69,1,9,101010110

0d,64,1,9,101010111

c0,29,1,9,101011000

6a00,5653,2,9,101011001

00000000000000,00000000000000,7,8,10101101

f6,6d,1,8,10101110

00,6a,1,8,10101111

d0,f0,1,8,10110000

57,8b,1,8,10110001

f7,46,1,8,10110010

85c074,85c075,3,8,10110011

31,70,1,8,10110100

c6,d0,1,8,10110101

0f84,5c5c,2,8,10110110

1f,c7,1,8,10110111

77,6c,1,8,10111000

50e8,0fb7,2,8,10111001

6c,59,1,8,10111010

24,6e,1,8,10111011

e8,81,1,8,10111100

8b55,fcff,2,8,10111101

70,c0,1,8,10111110

64,44,1,8,10111111

39,89,1,8,11000000

8b45,8b55,2,8,11000001

28,e9,1,8,11000010

c1,5a,1,8,11000011

0fb6,8b45,2,8,11000100

2f,31,1,8,11000101

81,ec,1,8,11000110

58,57,1,8,11000111

0000,6a00,2,8,11001000

69,39,1,8,11001001

30,0f,1,8,11001010

b8,74,1,8,11001011

5b5e,8b5d,2,8,11001100

e9,07,1,8,11001101

8a,8a,1,8,11001110

06,63,1,8,11001111

020000,feffff,3,8,11010000

2e,58,1,8,11010001

07,30,1,8,11010010

68,b8,1,8,11010011

73,09,1,8,11010100

40,52,1,8,11010101

74,28,1,8,11010110

18,73,1,8,11010111

3c,80,1,8,11011000

eb,eb,1,8,11011001

5653,0fb6,2,8,11011010

1c,1c,1,8,11011011

63,a1,1,8,11011100

52,56,1,8,11011101

80,18,1,8,11011110

66,66,1,8,11011111

00000000,00000000,4,8,11100000

53,24,1,8,11100001

ff,14,1,8,11100010

8d,06,1,8,11100011

14,88,1,8,11100100

56,40,1,8,11100101

0a,05,1,8,11100110

fdff,31c0,2,8,11100111

0c,68,1,8,11101000

09,53,1,8,11101001

feffff,83c40c,3,8,11101010

88,50,1,8,11101011

03,10,1,8,11101100

3600,feff,2,8,11101101

02,8d,1,8,11101110

31c0,ffff,2,8,11101111

20,0c,1,8,11110000

50,20,1,8,11110001

05,01,1,8,11110010

ffffff,010000,3,8,11110011

10,02,1,8,11110100

01,08,1,8,11110101

ffff,fdff,2,8,11110110

08,03,1,8,11110111

010000,ffffff,3,8,11111000

3500,0000,2,8,11111001

04,04,1,7,1111101

000000000000000000000000000000,000000000000000000000000000000,15,7,1111110

000000,000000,3,7,1111111

[^1]: Such as *Huffman, D. (1952). \"A Method for the Construction of
    Minimum-Redundancy Codes\"*, and *Huffman, Ken (1991). \"Profile:
    David A. Huffman: Encoding the \"Neatness\" of Ones and Zeroes\"*

[^2]: If the original, decoded page was less that 4096 bytes in length
    (such as is a common case with the *last* page), the page is padded
    with \"ignore bytes\", usually 0x00. Since only the very last page
    will be lesser in size, and the total size of the decoded code
    object is known (from the code object tables), there is no ambiguity
    about which bytes are valid and which are padding.
